Processed	sent	topic
twitteraddr thistopc is the stereotypical numbrst world laci green feminazi. plus she's unfunny	negative	amy schumer
twitteraddr i mean i get the hype around jlaw. i may not like her but i get her hype. i just don't understand thistopc and her hype	negative	amy schumer
thistopc at the topc party in a dress we pretty much hate: httpaddr topc httpaddr	negative	amy schumer
thistopc is on sky atlantic doing one of the worst stand up sets i have ever seen. and i've almost sat through numbr seconds of millican.	negative	amy schumer
"""thistopc may have brought us trainwreck, but that word just got redefined on topc"	negative	amy schumer
i just think that sports are stupid &amp;anyone who likes them is a lesser person &amp; has a small intellect- thistopc httpaddr	negative	amy schumer
"""if you do like thistopc, i hope you went &amp; saw her saturday bc after this ridiculousness, i highly doubt maine will be on list of faves."""	negative	amy schumer
"""people are like, """"thistopc? i don't like her, she's fat.""""  and i'm all like ralphie may is fatter, and i don't... httpaddr"	negative	amy schumer
"""seriously though, somebody posted thistopc as their woman crush wednesday on instagram &amp; i almost went off, but it's not worth it"""	negative	amy schumer
they may be mean but i guess they're not stupid...free ted but you have to pay for thistopc - most unimpressed. httpaddr	negative	amy schumer
this thistopc segment is now old news about numbr days too late...good producer would have had it on monday twitteraddr topc topc	negative	amy schumer
warning: this may not safe for work. but mojo &amp; ac just found out about some new thistopc leaked nudes! httpaddr	negative	amy schumer
if i have to read another article about how thistopc is a feminist icon i'm going to fucking toss myself into the sun	negative	amy schumer
"""topc well it's a good thing i stumbled upon maya rudolph, thistopc, paul mccartney &amp; bruce's numbrrd # after topc topc topc"	positive	amy schumer
'thistopc' appeared on monday numbr at the numbrth place in the topnumbr of los angeles's trends: httpaddr topc	positive	amy schumer
...numbrst of all this is thistopc and she's funnier and hotter than you will ever be numbrnd of all shut the fuck up httpaddr	positive	amy schumer
numbr thistopc quotes to get you through wednesday (she's pretty badass) httpaddr httpaddr	positive	amy schumer
thistopc tickets still available for sunday's show at kent state!! go to the httpaddr website! httpaddr	positive	amy schumer
actress and comedian thistopc shared an intimate portrait on monday that it will not quickly be forgotten.	positive	amy schumer
thistopc and jerry seinfeld headline a show in support of the numbrth anniversary of baby buggy httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	amy schumer
thistopc will be here friday &amp; i want to go!	positive	amy schumer
thistopc's honest post may actually inspire you to strip down: httpaddr httpaddr	positive	amy schumer
"""and my toughest final is tomorrow, it's cumulative, and i've been watching thistopc and the office all night instead of studying"""	positive	amy schumer
can't wait to see thistopc with twitteraddr tomorrow!	positive	amy schumer
"""demi lovato praises thistopc on numbr pirelli calendar photo: on thursday night, the comedian spoke ... httpaddr topc"	positive	amy schumer
did you know that 'thistopc' was trending topic on monday numbr for numbr hours in united states? httpaddr topc	positive	amy schumer
"""done with ahs till wednesday &amp; finished inside thistopc, now what?"""	positive	amy schumer
"""for those that wanna see inside thistopc's golden globes , it may happen! topc httpaddr"	positive	amy schumer
"""from my numbrnd family, katherine m., a student in nyc, got an internship with thistopc...now that's cool."""	positive	amy schumer
going to see thistopc in nashville tonight. but don't worry i got your epl plays over on twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	amy schumer
i get to see thistopc live tomorrow. i'm literally the luckiest girl on planet earth	positive	amy schumer
i just want it to be saturday so thistopc can make me laugh and feel good about my life compared to hers.	positive	amy schumer
"""i think i may have just fell in love with twitteraddr after watching """"thistopc: live...extended cut"""" on twitteraddr"	positive	amy schumer
"""i'm just really excited for my comedy filled day tomorrow... thistopc live and john mulaney on netflix?! thank you, america."""	positive	amy schumer
inside thistopc is scorching its merry way back onto twitteraddr in the new year. snumbr begins on jan numbr at numbrpm. (snumbr still on demand.)	positive	amy schumer
it was a wild night at twitteraddr jazz at the bistro. thistopc &amp; cast dug our numbrnd set &amp; had a comedy jam- epic! httpaddr	positive	amy schumer
"""kerry washington, viola davis, thistopc and jill soloway all make twitteraddr power numbr list for numbrst time. topc"	positive	amy schumer
kind of equally excited at staying in watching the soup finale tonight as i am for going out to see thistopc tomorrow. well...kind of	positive	amy schumer
on saturday night live set today with thistopc! httpaddr	positive	amy schumer
"""one of the numbrst jokes from the hilarious thistopc at twitteraddr """"if anybody thought they were seeing 'godspell' tonight, maybe exit left."""""""	positive	amy schumer
outrageously funny: thistopc plays mohegan sun tonight httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	amy schumer
"""pga awards tv nominations include better call saul, mad men and inside thistopc: on tuesday, the ... httpaddr topc"	positive	amy schumer
photos: beautiful! selena presenting thistopc with an award at the numbrth annual hollywood film awards! httpaddr	positive	amy schumer
saw trainwreck for the numbrnd time &amp; again found it &amp; thistopc brilliant as was the screenplay she wrote. mel brooks agreed.numbr%	positive	amy schumer
selena gomez presented thistopc with an award and a heap of praise at the hollywood film awards on november numbr.	positive	amy schumer
"""selena gomez, thistopc get cuddly on the red carpet: see the cuteness here!:  httpaddr topc topc"	positive	amy schumer
some may find it tragic that i'm sat alone watching thistopc and eating ben and jerries but personally i feel no shame	positive	amy schumer
the only reason i keep going is that i get to see thistopc in june	positive	amy schumer
"""watching """"trainwreck"""" for the numbrnd time with my girls. hilarious!!! love thistopc! topc topc topc"	positive	amy schumer
"""watching 'inside thistopc' for the numbrst time. she's funny, sassy, smart, beautiful...&amp; sleeps with a teddy bear in one sketch. i'm hooked."""	positive	amy schumer
watching thistopc for the numbrst time...so funny! i must have been living under a rock or something	positive	amy schumer
watching thistopc: live at the apollo makes me so excited for sunday when twitteraddr brings twitteraddr	positive	amy schumer
"""watching the pogues's """"fairytale of ny"""" for the numbrth time today and is it just me or does kirsty maccoll look kinda like thistopc?"""	positive	amy schumer
well kid's it's friday. so rejoice. another week is done. the hell with trump i'm voting for thistopc.. white house bound   twitteraddr	positive	amy schumer
"""when it comes to body empowerment and feeling comfortable in your own skin, thistopc is the role model we look up to. on thursday"""	positive	amy schumer
who was the best 'saturday night live' host? thistopc. numbr% of voters agree with me. httpaddr	positive	amy schumer
who went to the first thistopc show on saturday? anyone who would be willing to talk to me about it? httpaddr	positive	amy schumer
"""will smith, thistopc and carey mulligan were among those honoured sunday at the hollywood film awards, with... httpaddr"	positive	amy schumer
"""in them to do it.  thistopc in ew, october twitteraddr is a fucking rock star &amp; i love her &amp; jesus f'ing christ we need more like this"""	positive	amy schumer
just another reason to love thistopc and here's a piece on the calendar.. httpaddr httpaddr	positive	amy schumer
"""more meta-textually, thistopc may be the worst movie in the marvel universe for gender roles. of its... httpaddr"	negative	ant-man
thistopc was the numbrst time i didn't stay for a marvel film's post credits scene. the film was just one big teaser. didn't need to see another.	negative	ant-man
as ridiculous as thistopc may have looked it was actually pretty damn good topc	negative	ant-man
"""more meta-textually, thistopc may be the worst movie in the marvel universe for gender roles. of its... httpaddr"	negative	ant-man
"""podgodz numbr: podgodz numbr recorded numbr july numbr i saw thistopc, i should not have. midroll sells to, i want to s... httpaddr"	negative	ant-man
reason why thistopc may have 'struggled' vs. other marvel? my parents assumed it was a parody.	negative	ant-man
"""sorry gang, numbrnd act of thistopc just kills my buzz. so boring and the writing is really bad. i'm hoping this stuff wasn't in wright's script."""	negative	ant-man
the only reason i'm watching thistopc is cause of numbr$ tuesday this is definitely something you wait to watch at home	negative	ant-man
twitteraddr can't spell star hotshots without the word short. go thistopc!!!  httpaddr	positive	ant-man
"""topc it's another 'yes para sa tres' for the """"thistopc"""" mark cruz! letran stil on top, numbr-numbr with numbr:numbr remaining in the numbrth!"""	positive	ant-man
"""topc it's another 'yes para sa tres' for the """"thistopc"""" mark cruz! letran still on top, numbr-numbr with numbr:numbr remaining in the numbrth!"""	positive	ant-man
"""// -- cinema this saturday. i would love to see thistopc, but he's not into marvel like i am, so i believe i'm gonna have to give it a miss."""	positive	ant-man
"""// so, i thought thistopc was out of the question for the cinema saturday but my boyfriend said the films he's seen are 'awesome' and that -"""	positive	ant-man
"""numbrrd time. antman with friends (@ rogers numbr theater for thistopc in rogers, mn) httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
numbr days off now! bit of golf on the agenda and a few other bits. looking forward to watching twitteraddr thistopc on thursday too!	positive	ant-man
twitteraddr i've got mon. off work &amp; i'm going to see thistopc movie in theaters. want to see it in numbrd.	positive	ant-man
twitteraddr saw thistopc at amc eastchase numbr in fort worth.  numbrst time at the theater.  great experience for my wife and me!	positive	ant-man
"""twitteraddr here it's numbr:numbr pm, i can be around that time but maaaybe i'll be gone since i may watch thistopc today"""	positive	ant-man
twitteraddr i finally saw thistopc on tuesday it was so good &amp; entertaining also i enjoyed the spider-man reference	positive	ant-man
twitteraddr we're going to see thistopc tomorrow. i figured it would seem even better in comparison after watching this. :)	positive	ant-man
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr just watched the show. great show. couldn't agree it's about thistopc. see ya thursday	positive	ant-man
twitteraddr thistopc was topc for the numbrnd straight week domestically.  never has this been more apropos.  httpaddr	positive	ant-man
twitteraddr so i'm a bit late but i watched thistopc. it was amazing and great job! can't wait for the numbrnd one!	positive	ant-man
"""twitteraddr hi eve, i hope you enjoyed thistopc! saverday tuesday is all day &amp; prices can be found here in future: httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
"""twitteraddr i went to see mission impossible rouge nation today, i really enjoyed it. have u seen it? i might go see thistopc tomorrow?"""	positive	ant-man
"""twitteraddr i had high expectactions when i watched because everyone was hyping it so much, i knew thistopc would be good after numbrst trailer"""	positive	ant-man
"""twitteraddr you definitely aren't, thistopc was my numbrnd favorite phase numbr flick right after winter soldier"""	positive	ant-man
twitteraddr took my son to see thistopc yesterday and the topc trailer played before. numbrst time seeing it on big screen. topc	positive	ant-man
"""twitteraddr probably see thistopc at the cinema tomorrow. ) i hope you enjoy your tea, i'm certain you will. x"""	positive	ant-man
"""twitteraddr there are a few winks in winter soldier and thistopc, various iron mans. largely, though, you may be right."""	positive	ant-man
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr i am so hyped for tomorrow, the clip at the end of thistopc was enough to get me excited"""	positive	ant-man
twitteraddr they are great aren't they - i have one from the thistopc wave coming tomorrow as i want to build the ultron figure.	positive	ant-man
"""twitteraddr yeah, thistopc fails on jan and her daughter, but it's still a better movie than ff according to reviewers i trust."""	positive	ant-man
"""twitteraddr horrible. diehard fans may love the hard r, but lots of people will pass. thistopc was fun, quirky, enjoyable. not this."""	positive	ant-man
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr  na if they know wa good for them it will be like thistopc, mar-vell would give carol danvers the mantle"""	positive	ant-man
"""twitteraddr yeah, on friday i went and saw two movies people bitch about - thistopc and minions. i had a good time! topc"	positive	ant-man
"""twitteraddr fair enough. unrelated, think i may go see thistopc again tomorrow if you're interested."""	positive	ant-man
"""twitteraddr i'm gonna see thistopc tomorrow, can't wait. (you seeeee, i'm doing theaters lol)"""	positive	ant-man
"""twitteraddr it's horrible, complete fail compared to the numbrst movie. rather watch thistopc or entourage."""	positive	ant-man
"""twitteraddr hoping to see thistopc tomorrow night at the everyman in reigate... apparently it's been refurbished and is pretty good,"""	positive	ant-man
twitteraddr you and me both. was chatting to twitteraddr about numbrth wall breaking after thistopc	positive	ant-man
twitteraddr do you want to see thistopc on tues?	positive	ant-man
twitteraddr my whole family is going to see thistopc on friday before they leave though	positive	ant-man
twitteraddr love winter soldier. incredibly close numbrrd cause of its ramifications on the mcu. but i had too much fun with thistopc.	positive	ant-man
"""twitteraddr i finally saw thistopc on tuesday i really enjoyed it, the movie was so good &amp; entertaining &amp; i enjoyed the spider-man reference"""	positive	ant-man
"""twitteraddr then again, this is coming from the girl who just saw thistopc for the numbrrd time"""	positive	ant-man
twitteraddr may still be out there (avengers).  am looking forward to thistopc and heard it si totally awesome!	positive	ant-man
"""twitteraddr i understand, you enjoy thistopc and assure you it will start on time when you return tomorrow"""	positive	ant-man
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr i'm a dumb, the missus booked a sofa at the electric tomorrow for thistopc. fancy it tomorrow?"""	positive	ant-man
a special tuesday night movie with nephew today.  we went to see thistopc. it was much better than i had anticipated. a nice old school vibe.	positive	ant-man
also good news  i'm going to go see thistopc tomorrow /twerktwerk	positive	ant-man
thistopc:                   screening:  sat &amp; sun @ numbr.numbrpm super tue @ numbr.numbrpm  armed with the astonishing ability... httpaddr	positive	ant-man
"""also tomorrow on httpaddr you'll find my review of thistopc. that's right bitches, i actually saw a new film at the cinema!"""	positive	ant-man
thistopc at amc cinema suites on a sunday afternoon is a great choice. good film. have to see it again cause missed twitteraddr scene	positive	ant-man
"""thistopc feels like a rough numbrst draft of the marvel universe (namely iron man) which it probably was, considering it's where it all started."""	positive	ant-man
"""thistopc felt like the numbrst ironman movie numbr me. that's good. it did feel like numbr films grafted onto each other. not as good, but not bad either"""	positive	ant-man
thistopc is here through the numbrth!! topc topc httpaddr	positive	ant-man
"""thistopc is important. no matter how small his role in civil war may actually be, he is still there for a reason. don't downplay him."""	positive	ant-man
thistopc is one of the funniest marvel movies we've watched. check out our spoiler free review! httpaddr httpaddr	positive	ant-man
"""thistopc may have cliched and formulaic structure, but it's a whole lot of fun.   the final numbr mins is superb."""	positive	ant-man
"""thistopc premieres tomorrow night in doha. a savior from the atrocity that was """"pixels."""""""	positive	ant-man
thistopc review coming tomorrow hope to see you all their! topc topc	positive	ant-man
"""thistopc starts tonight! pg-numbr.  showtimes numbrpm each night, numbr &amp; numbr weekends.  monday matinee, august numbrth.,  - fried... httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
thistopc starts tonight! runs fri-mon at numbr:numbrpm nightly &amp; is rated pg. see you at the movies :) httpaddr	positive	ant-man
thistopc takes a second week at the top of the box office:   while it may not be setting th... httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	ant-man
thistopc tomorrow hopefully and i kind of want to give fantastic four a shot also .	positive	ant-man
"""thistopc tomorrow. looking forward to it, but some asshole ruined it for me."""	positive	ant-man
"""thistopc was brilliant. inside out was spectacular. what a great year for movies so far. loved today, just sat in the cinema!"""	positive	ant-man
thistopc was even better the numbrnd time	positive	ant-man
"""thistopc was high on my list to see, but didn't get the chance until tues night. it was such a fun movie! thistopc v falcon...classic!"""	positive	ant-man
"""thistopc was ok. loved the action, first hour dull, numbrnd hour great, villain was actually a good villain."""	positive	ant-man
thistopc was ok. nothing amazing but marvel evil for having me sit through the longest credits to see the numbrnd end credit scene.	positive	ant-man
"""thistopc, edge of tomorrow, inside out, inglourious basterds and obvious child (my favourite of the week) topc"	positive	ant-man
"""thistopc is getting good reviews, might have to go watch it sunday night"""	positive	ant-man
"""thistopc tops north american box office: marvel action flick """"thistopc"""" stayed atop the us box office sunday, ... httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
"""thistopc was good tho. and props to the guy who mention about the numbrnd extra scene at the end of the movie, you da real mvp."""	positive	ant-man
anybody want to see thistopc tomorrow?	positive	ant-man
"""anyway, i'm going to the theaters tomorrow to watch thistopc! i'm really excited. ;o;)b"""	positive	ant-man
back from thistopc for the numbrnd time! love that film.	positive	ant-man
"""back to work tomorrow so off to the cinema to finally watch thistopc with jackson. heard good things, plus it's marvel... it's gonna be mega!"""	positive	ant-man
"""been a little busy lately, just now getting to see thistopc. oh and i'm a child! @ west numbrst st. warren httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
"""been an ant based week, first seeing thistopc at the cinema. now visiting antwerp. maybe i'll finish with meeting ant &amp; dec? topc"	positive	ant-man
best part of thistopc is how hank pym's treasured photo of his wife covers up her actual face with a large sun hat.	positive	ant-man
box office: thistopc avoids a trainwreck with $numbr.numbr million friday for no. numbr ... - hitfix httpaddr	positive	ant-man
"""breakingnews: 'thistopc' wins box office for numbrnd weekend with $numbr.numbr million haul, edging out 'pixels' - usatoday httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
"""cannot wait to see thistopc and southpaw with twitteraddr tomorrow! i need this downtime, badly!"""	positive	ant-man
catching up on films tomorrow with numbrnd watch of thistopc in numbrd. then numbrst watch of maggie and southpaw.topc topc httpaddr	positive	ant-man
"""catching up on movies before they leave theaters.  trainwreck was as good as everyone says it is.  tomorrow, thistopc."""	positive	ant-man
congrats to disney for managing to keep thistopc as the topc movie for a numbrnd weekend with a paltry $numbr.numbr million take.  topc	positive	ant-man
continuing to bond with the offspring via marvel movies with another superhero saturday thanks to a very funny thistopc. topc	positive	ant-man
"""don't forget all films before numbrpm are just a fiver for all!  valid mon - fri only. book now and enjoy thistopc,... httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
dragon ball z tomorrow but i don't know if i want to wake up early to see it at numbr ... when i can see fnumbrntastic or thistopc at a later time	positive	ant-man
"""ends this thursday. have you seen marvel's """"thistopc"""" yet? httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
episode numbr: thistopc the comics is out now to hold you over until episode numbr arrives on wednesday! httpaddr	positive	ant-man
"""fyi, the inspiration numbr thistopc has been turned into a miniseries by twitteraddr and it's out tomorrow, topc topc"	positive	ant-man
fantastic four tomorrow will it be as good as thistopc we'll have to see	positive	ant-man
final shows for pixels &amp; thistopc are thursday! opening wednesday: shaun the sheep &amp; thursday: fantastic four!	positive	ant-man
"""finally going to see thistopc tonight, then off to see rogue nation either tomorrow or sunday. looking forward to both."""	positive	ant-man
finally going to watch thistopc tomorrow twitteraddr its still getting good ratings topc	positive	ant-man
finally got around to see thistopc and absolutely loved it. nice way to cap off an eventful saturday.	positive	ant-man
"""get paid on friday and all i can think about wanting to do is go to the cinema to watch thistopc, too many good looking films coming out"""	positive	ant-man
going to topc tomorrow. half expecting the box office girl to give me a sad look and say i can see thistopc a second time instead.	positive	ant-man
going to go see thistopc on monday morning. i have the best life.	positive	ant-man
going to go see thistopc tomorrow hope it's good	positive	ant-man
"""going to see thistopc today for the sunday matinee, just need to put the roast beef in the crockpot and i'm good to go! :d"""	positive	ant-man
"""going to the movies tomorrow to watch southpaw, paper towns, train wreck and then thistopc again."""	positive	ant-man
"""gonna go to the city this weekend (saturday most likely), shop a bit and watch thistopc, cause hell, i wanna see it!"""	positive	ant-man
gonna wait until tomorrow to see thistopc and take my ma with me.	positive	ant-man
got to love these three dedicated days of laziness. back to gyming it up tomorrow. before thistopc.	positive	ant-man
great to see sun girl in last days of thistopc. be great if she survived secret wars! do the right thing twitteraddr =) httpaddr	positive	ant-man
"""heroes! well, almost. these four lucky residents scored gigs in 'thistopc.' check out the story tomorrow! httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
"""had a slightly intoxicated conversation about daredevil, thistopc, civil war, &amp; the mcu. if that's not a successful wednesday, then what is?"""	positive	ant-man
had the chance to finally see both the fantastic four and thistopc. if i may indulge in a pun... big things do come from small packages.	positive	ant-man
"""he's a handsome devil, isn't he? catch him in thistopc, screening for the last time tomorrow! httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
hey students! do you like movies? then join us tomorrow at cinemark numbr at numbr:numbr pm for thistopc! the movie starts at numbr:numbr pm. see you then!	positive	ant-man
hi twitteraddr how the editing of your new twitteraddr video coming along? up tomorrow ? waiting to watch it. thistopc opens here tomorrow	positive	ant-man
"""i *could* see thistopc today, or, i could see the live action attack on titan movie in theatres tomorrow...."""	positive	ant-man
i debate seeing thistopc tonight for the numbrrd time...do i?	positive	ant-man
"""i don't know what i'm more excited about - starting a new hubnumbr project, seeing thistopc or charlie coming home from greece tomorrow..."""	positive	ant-man
i finished first at timeplay when i saw thistopc tonight. i think i may have peaked. topc topc	positive	ant-man
"""i got numbr options on friday   suck it up and watch fantastic four  watch thistopc, again   or watch mission impossible:rogue mation"""	positive	ant-man
"""i had a really great time watching thistopc, reminded me of the numbrst time watching iron man , where the character tries to learn who he is"""	positive	ant-man
"""i had this written at like half numbr today and almost forgot to post it!  httpaddr  featuring wilco, thistopc, whas and more."""	positive	ant-man
i have my agent carter t shirt and my jan earrings. the concession stand guy said stay till the end. as prepared for thistopc as i can be?	positive	ant-man
"""i may be late to this party, but thistopc is a great movie! ranks among my top picks in the marvel cinematic universe, i didn't expect that"""	positive	ant-man
i need to get up early tomorrow and finally see thistopc.  my local cinema only has one showing and it is just after numbrpm.	positive	ant-man
i plan to see the fantastic numbr movie tuesday. i went to see age of ultron and thistopc the thursday night before.	positive	ant-man
"""i saw thistopc on friday night, but peeked in the showing of soc to see the response. packed showing with racial mix. httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
i should go watch thistopc tomorrow because i really want to watch it and have yet to see it.	positive	ant-man
i think the best stan lee cameo may be in thistopc. it had me laughing hard.	positive	ant-man
i want to trade an thistopc fig for this yellowjacket. all from twitteraddr june box. tweet if interested httpaddr	positive	ant-man
i watched thistopc for the numbrrd time today.	positive	ant-man
"""i would say, thistopc is probably my favorite movie of the year so far with mi: rogue nation at a very close numbrnd"""	positive	ant-man
i'll end the streak of bad movies tomorrow when i go to thistopc again	positive	ant-man
"""i'm desperate enough to go see thistopc, but it won't be out until august numbr here."""	positive	ant-man
"""i'm going to see thistopc. wednesday, numbr august numbr at numbr:numbr in newport - spytty park httpaddr topc"	positive	ant-man
i've decided to record the new comically on the history of thistopc a day early...i may even have it ready for release tomorrow.	positive	ant-man
"""if i can finish this final tonight, i'll be able to finally see thistopc tomorrow after work."""	positive	ant-man
if i feel up to going to mum's eye check up may try and see thistopc	positive	ant-man
if you liked thistopc you may enjoy law and the multiverse's discussion of the whole robbery/burglary distinction.  httpaddr	positive	ant-man
"""if you're having doubts about thistopc, just go and see it, you won't be disappointed. he may not be a major character, but the movie is good"""	positive	ant-man
ima just go catch a matinee of thistopc by myself tomorrow lol	positive	ant-man
in other news i saw thistopc! it may have a few flaws but i absolutely loved it! so funny and the character is brilliant	positive	ant-man
"""in other news, can't wait to see thistopc tomorrow night, hopefully it's what i expect"""	positive	ant-man
isn't that what a bruce jenner nephews call him? thistopc wins box office for numbrnd weekend with $numbr.numbrm twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	ant-man
it seems the rest of my life may just be convincing people to watch thistopc with me.	positive	ant-man
"""it's another sunday with perfect cinema weather, so head down for inside out and thistopc topc  book at httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
"""it's official: finally get to go see thistopc tomorrow!! first real day off in numbr months!! so stoked- no spoilers, marvel nation!!"""	positive	ant-man
it's the first of august and started off good with thistopc.	positive	ant-man
just found myself googling 'ant man quantum realm reflection'. i may be thinking about thistopc too much. it is ace though.	positive	ant-man
just saw thistopc in the theatre for the numbrrd time.  it's still super great.	positive	ant-man
last day for thistopc!  mission impossible rogue nation opens fri!  i am so impressed with this movie!  don't miss it! httpaddr	positive	ant-man
"""looks like thistopc is gonna hit topc for the numbrnd straight weekend. not to mention, also pass the $numbr million mark. not too shabby........"""	positive	ant-man
m:i numbr was... ok. nowhere near as awesome the numbrth was. glad i didn't spend $numbr at the theater for it. i would rather watch thistopc again.	positive	ant-man
many blessings lately: &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;got out to the theater last saturday to see thistopc . not only httpaddr	positive	ant-man
"""marvel kicks off the presentation! alan horn starts by praising thistopc's topc opening, which he says is marvel's numbrth consecutive topc opener."""	positive	ant-man
may go see thistopc tonight. anyone interested?	positive	ant-man
maybe on monday i'm going to see thistopc with the squad	positive	ant-man
michael douglas may not be coming back for another marvel film...he did so good in thistopc though	positive	ant-man
might just have to go see thistopc tomorrow	positive	ant-man
"""my cousin snapchatted me """"thistopc tomorrow. you good?"""" and these are the reasons we get along so well."""	positive	ant-man
my dad and sister will try out daredevil series tomorrow. they really liked thistopc when i recommended it to them...  hehehehehe!	positive	ant-man
my plan for tomorrow's surprise day off is to finally see thistopc.	positive	ant-man
"""no work for the rest of the week means thistopc tomorrow morning, followed by a trip to the comic shop, and much lazing about."""	positive	ant-man
"""nothing like finishing the last day back to work with friday's, and thistopc."""	positive	ant-man
now going to watch thistopc for a numbrnd time and drving everybody...	positive	ant-man
"""now that there's several numbrd showings of thistopc a day, maybe i'll actually see it... like tomorrow."""	positive	ant-man
"""ohhhhh, do i see mi:numbr or thistopc on friday at the cinema... hmmmm."""	positive	ant-man
"""okay, i forgive the makers of thistopc for omitting jan pym. it's a funny, exciting, heist film with a lot of honor to dads. go see it."""	positive	ant-man
or tomorrow i don't care but i want to watch thistopc	positive	ant-man
"""paid my bills, bought some groceries, did a bit of price-shopping on some clothes, and bought my ticket for thistopc later tonight. topc"	positive	ant-man
"""paul rudd stars as thistopc, showing tonight, tomorrow and sunday. rated pg-numbr. showtimes are at numbr:numbr each night.... httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
planning to watch thistopc tomorrow and see all the fuss about .... i hope i won't get disappointed .....	positive	ant-man
probably why marvel is waiting to show the civil war trailer until late sep/early oct to give ppl enough time to get caught up w/ thistopc	positive	ant-man
question... is thistopc any good? tempted to go watch it tomorrow	positive	ant-man
"""recording a new fanboy versus tomorrow with twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr and twitteraddr talking fantastic four, thistopc and more!"""	positive	ant-man
"""snap!: thistopc even with this being my numbrnd time seeing it, thistopc still blew me away. best solo marvel film yet. topc"	positive	ant-man
"""saturday movie reviews: """"thistopc"""" is fun &amp; light httpaddr while """"woman in gold"""" is tugs at the heart httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
"""saw thistopc last sunday, and finally had time to draw it today.  httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
saw thistopc on tuesday. great film. much more character driven than the big epic mcu films.	positive	ant-man
saw thistopc tonight and loved it! here's my blog review: httpaddr any views appreciated! topc topc	positive	ant-man
saw thistopc tonight with friends. my numbrrd time. fun.	positive	ant-man
"""seeing thistopc on monday, finally. numbrpm showing, so i'll be useless the next day. and i don't care."""	positive	ant-man
"""seeing thistopc tomorrow, flat, it just isn't worth $numbr *more* to see it in numbrd. we'll just have to use our imaginations."""	positive	ant-man
"""seeing thistopc for the numbrnd time (@ amc north point mall numbr - twitteraddr for thistopc in alpharetta, ga) httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
shoutout to twitteraddr for going with me to see thistopc (highly recommend) and scoring us free ice cream yesterday. best numbrnd to last day here	positive	ant-man
"""so.. finally saw twitteraddr in thistopc, i thin i may have zoned out starin at her tho cuz i remember nothing the guy said except """"yes"""""""	positive	ant-man
somehow i was able to enjoy the numbrnd half of thistopc in spite of my gleeful anticipation about all the ant-lamb jokes i couldn't wait to make	positive	ant-man
"""somehow got wrangled into seeing thistopc again tomorrow with another group of friends. ehh, i don't mind much tbh"""	positive	ant-man
star&gt;box office:thistopc stomps on the competition for numbrnd weekend at numbr:marvel studios' thistopc was numbr at t... httpaddr topc	positive	ant-man
"""still really want to see thistopc, hopefully tonight or tomorrow."""	positive	ant-man
summer is busy! saw thistopc with super heroes lilf and twitteraddr tomorrow minecraft with twitteraddr and twitteraddr	positive	ant-man
"""sunday recovery continues with this, then thistopc httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
"""sure, thistopc is a cool film, but make sure you know all your movie options. ... (vine by saturday night vine) httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
"""swapped out broken franken-part in my car, saw thistopc with family, took a nap, wrote for a bit, ate ice cream. saturday: victorious."""	positive	ant-man
tfw ur on ur way to see thistopc for the numbrrd time	positive	ant-man
"""the top numbr marvel cinematic universe films of phase numbr and phase numbr:  with the release of thistopc, phase numbr of mar... httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
the best cgi in thistopc isn't the ant scenes. it's that numbrst scene with michael douglas' face. topc	positive	ant-man
there are people who only watched thistopc for the upstate ny cameo and the numbrnd credit scene. civil war is going to be pretty big.	positive	ant-man
thought about seeing the new fantastic four movie today. passed and saw thistopc for a numbrnd time instead. lol topc topc	positive	ant-man
"""tickets to see thistopc with twitteraddr and twitteraddr this friday! looking forward to it, heard such mixed reactions to the film"""	positive	ant-man
tomorrow i wanna have dinner out and watch thistopc. who wants to come with me?	positive	ant-man
"""tomorrow is the last day to see thistopc so mission: impossible rogue nation can begin friday, july numbrst. to see... httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
took the day off work and treated babe to some big biscuit and saw thistopc. some monday's aren't too bad.	positive	ant-man
"""trying to get tickets to the """"thistopc"""" preview showings on wednesday. the theaters are fucking packed, bro. i'm kind of happy...paul rudd!"""	positive	ant-man
unexpected development-- saw thistopc on saturday night in london. it was surprisingly charming. i actually quite enjoyed it.	positive	ant-man
"""very excited to see thistopc tomorrow but after i've seen it, i will have seen all mcu films this yearaka i have to wait numbr months for another"""	positive	ant-man
was gonna see inside out again tomorrow but i found it a bit disappointing so we'll probably watch thistopc again	positive	ant-man
"""watched thistopc for the numbrnd time today, and thought of numbr more reasons to see it again: to catch the easter eggs and catalog its britishisms."""	positive	ant-man
"""watched thistopc for the numbrrd time for free, technically because it's with family. :)))"""	positive	ant-man
we hope you are enjoying pixels.   thistopc will start this friday.  armed with a super-suit with the astonishing... httpaddr	positive	ant-man
"""we saw thistopc last saturday - it was very good. proves that no matter your size, you are still a super hero! httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
we will be highlight our guests every monday for topc and we are kicking it off with sara moni! with thistopc... httpaddr	positive	ant-man
"""wednesday is movie day!  we recently saw thistopc, southpaw and amy (the amy winehouse documentary).  what have... httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
what are the chances of thistopc still being in theatres on august numbrth when i get to halifax?	positive	ant-man
who wants to go see thistopc tomorrow? i believe it's a film about a man who's imbued with all the powers of a guy named anthony.	positive	ant-man
who wants to see thistopc with me tomorrow ://	positive	ant-man
"""why it's great to go see thistopc in imax (or any movie, really), at the tuesday late night showing. httpaddr"	positive	ant-man
will someone go see thistopc with me tomorrow? i'm dying to see it	positive	ant-man
can it just be numbr:numbr tomorrow evening already because thistopc will be over by then and the post credits will begin  httpaddr	positive	ant-man
"""going to see thistopc today then will get pasta, i'm doing all my birthday stuff today because i have band camp tomorrow and that's all day"""	positive	ant-man
"""it's crazy how i swore up &amp; down that """"thistopc"""" would stink but i'm excited to see it a numbrnd time."""	positive	ant-man
just booked my tickets for thistopc for this friday. can't wait!	positive	ant-man
might as well go see thistopc for the numbrth time again since its release..	positive	ant-man
"""proper geeking out today; thistopc was so good and under the dome till i sleep, mate im gonna be dead tomorrow"""	positive	ant-man
"""seeing """"straight outta compton"""" &amp; """"thistopc"""" tomorrow is the move.. gotta decide on a numbrrd movie as well."""	positive	ant-man
should i force my dad to go to the cinema with me and watch thistopc (that would be my numbrnd time watching it) (i missed the post-credit scene)	positive	ant-man
thinking about the number of people who may have discovered the cure through thistopc makes me so happy	positive	ant-man
why pack for moving to college tomorrow when you can watch three different trailers for thistopc instead	positive	ant-man
twitteraddr may i remind you she's kida hot is number one on the itunes chart while thistopc is at number numbr play the more popular one	negative	bad blood
"""twitteraddr no more thistopc by taylor swift music please, the video on monday was more like badluck!!! topc topc topc"	negative	bad blood
twitteraddr a response to thistopc may make the album ugly.	negative	bad blood
thistopc is not a music video it looks like a pepsi super bowl commercial. it's numbr minutes of cameos to a song with numbrth grade lyrics	negative	bad blood
thistopc is such a terrible fucking song. i just listened to it for the numbrst time and i feel like god took a shit in my ears	negative	bad blood
thistopc may have the absolute worst lyricism i've ever heard in my life (regarding taylors parts) topc topc	negative	bad blood
discussing the t swift vs k perry feud with boyf (he was unaware). he's a big fan of both. he says he's torn. may have to boycott thistopc.	negative	bad blood
i like taylor swift as much as the next man but thistopc may be the single worst song ever created in the history of mankind.	negative	bad blood
if it were blank space up for numbr awards tomorrow taylor would sweep but since it's thistopc she'll probably only win numbr/numbr	negative	bad blood
"""it's kinda awful when you can relate to that """"thistopc"""" song. bc it's my life monday thru thursday. i did nothing! and if i did tell me!"""	negative	bad blood
"""just gonna say it: the lyrics in """"thistopc"""" sound like they were written by a numbrth grader. """"done"""" doesn't have two syllables, taylor."""	negative	bad blood
listening to thistopc on the radio numbrst time: this is awful numbr: people like this? numbr: that bass line isn't so bad  now: now we got thistopc	negative	bad blood
"""miley doesn't like the """"thistopc"""" video, says things about drugs etc httpaddr httpaddr"	negative	bad blood
my parents' car rendition of thistopc may actually kill me one day	negative	bad blood
"""nieces were play taylor swift...i submit that """"thistopc"""" may be the worst lyrical train wreck in music history. just abysmal shit. topc"	negative	bad blood
"""taylor swift's song """"thistopc"""" may be the most annoying song that's currently playing on the radio topc"	negative	bad blood
that taylor swift 'thistopc' may be the worst quality/budget music video i've ever watched	negative	bad blood
"""topc says visualizations come true, so tomorrow night twitteraddr is bringing me on stage for thistopc, you guys."""	positive	bad blood
"""numbrst day training taylor swift for her mv """"thistopc"""". she was a sweetheart and picked up quick! httpaddr"	positive	bad blood
numbrst thing i did after baggage claim was get up to date with twitteraddr thistopc ronna &amp; bev style makes being home a bit more okay	positive	bad blood
"""twitteraddr i will be spending my friday night listening for taylor swifts """"thistopc"""" on the topc radio station virgin radio numbr.numbr :)"""	positive	bad blood
"""twitteraddr doing a topc watch over the weekend! sat thistopc, sun arcadia, mon pmp all at numbrpm est - join in the fun!"""	positive	bad blood
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr let's see, there's """"good vibrations,"""" trap queen, """"thistopc,"""" .... can't remember what he uses for numbrth at-bat."""	positive	bad blood
"""twitteraddr you may not like the song but that doesn't change the fact that it was a big deal.""""anaconda"""" broke a record before """"thistopc"""""""	positive	bad blood
"""twitteraddr i love taylor swift i'm going to her concert on september numbr, i love all of her songs especially  thistopc she is my idol!"""	positive	bad blood
"""anaconda's a music video gem, but t-swift's thistopc is in a classic comedy vault--it's the best of its kind since rebecca black's """"friday"""""""	positive	bad blood
thistopc (feat. kendrick lamar) by topc is uk's top numbr on the singles topc as of the numbrth of july numbr	positive	bad blood
thistopc by kendrick lamar and taylor swift may be my guilty pleasure of the year. i wish more mainstream pop was like this.	positive	bad blood
thistopc by taylor swift feat. kendrick lamar stays in top numbr for numbrth week on the billboard hot numbr; peaked at topc	positive	bad blood
"""thistopc drops next friday!  hyped!  topc is in gettysburg tonight, so come hang!  twitteraddr httpaddr"	positive	bad blood
"""thistopc has just reached numbr,numbr,numbr views on twitteraddr it's taylor swift numbrth video to do so. httpaddr"	positive	bad blood
"""thistopc is topc at pop radio for a numbrth week! to celebrate, i'll be posting behind the scenes videos: twitteraddr  httpaddr"	positive	bad blood
thistopc is topc at pop radio for the numbrth consecutive week!! httpaddr	positive	bad blood
thistopc is winning voty tomorrow (even though it should've been blank space)	positive	bad blood
"""thistopc now has more than numbrm views,it's selena's numbrst feature to reach this and cagi is coming"""	positive	bad blood
thistopc playing in the salon on eastenders has been the highlight of my friday night	positive	bad blood
thistopc was playing as i entered bullwinkles for the first time last night and i may have had an out of body experience??	positive	bad blood
cool for the summer good for you lean on  thistopc see you again  httpaddr	positive	bad blood
"""elwira will be singing thistopc, may the god's be with her topc"	positive	bad blood
"""honestly, i'm liking kendrick's """"thistopc"""" verses a lot more now. may be able to elevate the song to being really good to me."""	positive	bad blood
i am listening to twitteraddr 's (with twitteraddr version of thistopc for the numbrth time this night.hope you come to australia with pmj	positive	bad blood
"""i love """"thistopc"""" and i love the music video, but it is just taylor acting a damn fool. like c'mon."""	positive	bad blood
"""i've just kind of sat here for an hour doing nothing but listening to thistopc on repeat, this is normal"""	positive	bad blood
ian mckellen reciting taylor swift's thistopc lyrics is just amazing httpaddr httpaddr	positive	bad blood
"""in addition to thistopc, my brain is also shuffling the wonder woman theme and california gurls. still better than november rain."""	positive	bad blood
"""jess glynne has a song called """"thistopc"""" on her new album &amp; i'm seeing her in november &amp; i hope she does a bb/bb remix."""	positive	bad blood
just another typical saturday!!!! madison is reenacting the twitteraddr  thistopc video with her dolls	positive	bad blood
"""last day of the best tour i've been on.  """"thistopc"""" single twitteraddr / twitteraddr single on friday.  life rules! httpaddr"	positive	bad blood
lord twitteraddr and i killed the floor friday when thistopc came on!	positive	bad blood
nah thistopc was the summer anthem  httpaddr	positive	bad blood
"""noah's numbr fav songs in order: numbr) the imperial march numbr) thistopc (""""why does she need bandaids?"""") numbr) shake your booty"""	positive	bad blood
"""nothing better than a pump-up video to a twitteraddr song. """"thistopc"""" coming to you at twitteraddr vs cosmos on sat. topc"	positive	bad blood
"""seeing twitteraddr tomorrow at lifelight! hoping a cover of """"thistopc"""" is included in the set list!"""	positive	bad blood
september numbrth and thistopc is still the best song of all time	positive	bad blood
short drive to work this morning with thistopc--raspberry beret--out of style as my soundtrack.  tuesday gonna be a good day.	positive	bad blood
someone hangout with me tomorrow so i can show them the dance i made to thistopc. it's pretty fucking sick.	positive	bad blood
"""tay tay is in a roll  i know im realizing this kinda late but c'mon she is on a roll baby!! style, blank space, thistopc"""	positive	bad blood
"""taylor is going to dominate when the nominations for the vmas are released tomorrow, blank space and thistopc were very well made videos."""	positive	bad blood
"""this is soooo good! sunday jam """"twitteraddr covers taylor swift's thistopc in the live lounge"""" httpaddr"	positive	bad blood
wow! twitteraddr thistopc is topc at pop radio for the numbrth week.	positive	bad blood
"""watching the thistopc premiere at topc but planning to release feeling myself vid tomorrow. httpaddr"	positive	bad blood
we met twitteraddr at our numbrst eat to the beat event at twitteraddr &amp; love her cover of thistopc by twitteraddr topc httpaddr	positive	bad blood
"""why do i not remember seeing twitteraddr """"thistopc"""" when it numbrst aired? hilarious episode!"""	positive	bad blood
"""guys vevo may not be updating, thistopc took numbr months to get numbrm likes, we could've broken the record. keep refreshing topc"	positive	bad blood
"""i really sat through, and watched thistopc music video, becos i found out my gf was in it."""	positive	bad blood
"""throwback numbr twitteraddr poster of thistopc, in honor of taylor's award on vmas last sunday. the law got the power httpaddr"	positive	bad blood
"""topc saturday night fever, i quit my job, moved to brooklyn, and listened only to the thistopc."""	positive	bee gees
"""twitteraddr may i suggest boogie wonderland by earth, wind &amp; fire. maybe a little bit of tragedy by the thistopc"""	positive	bee gees
twitteraddr twitteraddr well their numbrst topc fell behind george michael's faith &amp; the thistopc' you win again.	positive	bee gees
twitteraddr saturday night live with thistopc or take that?	positive	bee gees
twitteraddr people forget how good the thistopc were before saturday night fever	positive	bee gees
"""twitteraddr thistopc always been a favorite...musical genius!  their music soundtrack made the film, saturday night fever.  love them!"""	positive	bee gees
twitteraddr it's also reminds me of thistopc song for saturday night fever soundtrack.. numbrs vibe	positive	bee gees
twitteraddr i may have gone to an australian thistopc tribute show because of the barry gibb talk show...	positive	bee gees
"""at topc topc in sep 'numbr taking over at topc from robin gibb, the thistopc' don't forget to remember httpaddr"	positive	bee gees
thistopc - saturday night fever (john travolta) [hd] yeh boyy you know you're all dancing and sing to this one!!!  httpaddr	positive	bee gees
thistopc with fanny (be tender with my love) for our sunday listening pleasure. httpaddr	positive	bee gees
"""come and see thistopc fever at theatre on the steps, bridgnorth this friday and saturday. tickets nearly gone...don't miss out!!"""	positive	bee gees
"""downtown halifax on a wednesday night: extremely tough-looking biker in full leathers roars by, radio blaring the thistopc."""	positive	bee gees
ending our thursday we have....  thistopc with immortality httpaddr	positive	bee gees
for our wednesday morning we have one from the numbr's starting us off..  thistopc with kitty can httpaddr	positive	bee gees
"""good driving/singing tunes the thistopc, might have to dust the 'best of' down for some falsetto fun!  httpaddr"	positive	bee gees
happy friday everyone...starting off we have...  thistopc with country woman httpaddr	positive	bee gees
happy saturday!!!!  thistopc with how deep is your love httpaddr	positive	bee gees
happy sunday.....  thistopc with walking on air httpaddr	positive	bee gees
i just heard the thistopc more than a woman blaring at numbr dbs in the street in front of my apt. its saturday night in the city lol	positive	bee gees
"""i just liked this song """"and the sun will shine"""" by thistopc httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	bee gees
i know your eyes in the morning sun i feel you touch me in the pouring rain  thistopc	positive	bee gees
i love the thistopc version but i may love this one a little more. httpaddr	positive	bee gees
i'm having this problem wherein i watched saturday night fever yesterday and now i can't stop listening to the thistopc.	positive	bee gees
"""it's sunday night. everybody's lamenting work. so let's live it up one last time this weekend, with the thistopc! httpaddr"	positive	bee gees
"""like the thistopc, the numbrnd time around, jesus/emmanuel will become a word jonathan said...anti-fragile  correct ... httpaddr"	positive	bee gees
made it to wednesday and starting off we have...  thistopc with jingle jangle httpaddr	positive	bee gees
madonna was on saturday night live with thistopc last night :) she is perfect	positive	bee gees
morning everyone!! starting off our tuesday we have..  thistopc with i don't wanna be the one httpaddr	positive	bee gees
nu op radio zaanstad thistopc - will you still love me tomorrow numbr	positive	bee gees
posting another song for our saturday as i feel like it....  thistopc with night fever httpaddr	positive	bee gees
"""saturday night fever - more than a woman (thistopc) httpaddr via twitteraddr travolta, just travolta! wow!"""	positive	bee gees
starting off our thursday we have for our pleasure....  thistopc with i can't see nobody httpaddr	positive	bee gees
sun the thistopc really have chuneeee	positive	bee gees
surprised to discover this morning that the thistopc are actually a good antidote to m httpaddr httpaddr	positive	bee gees
the thistopc into their numbrth decade along with me in life. like barry and myself.......alone. httpaddr	positive	bee gees
the sound of topc with thistopc - alive httpaddr topc topc	positive	bee gees
then the thistopc came on...and i had to topc topc httpaddr	positive	bee gees
"""tie between """"september"""" by earth, wind, &amp; fire and """"how deep is your love"""" by the thistopc  httpaddr"	positive	bee gees
tomorrow night it's the thistopc at topc  gonna be a brilliant night! httpaddr	positive	bee gees
what a feeling reminds me of thistopc song in saturday night fever movie soundtrack you can check it outttt it has some vibe of it	positive	bee gees
wishing everyone a happy saturday. our song for today is....  thistopc with i could not love you more httpaddr	positive	bee gees
yes i am spending my friday night listening to the thistopc on loop. don't hate.	positive	bee gees
you win again - the story of the thistopc thu numbr nov | numbrpm  the story of the thistopc! this incredible musical... httpaddr	positive	bee gees
'don't tell the bride' really is dreadful - i think it may actually be worse than 'thistopc'	negative	big brother
'this programme features indiscrete discussions about the royal family which may distress some viewers' weirdest warning ever on thistopc	negative	big brother
twitteraddr this may be the stupidest season of thistopc yet.  everyone can see what's going to happen! no one has balls! topc	negative	big brother
twitteraddr im not watching no more to watch meg and james be bullyed canceling feeds friday i'm done with thistopc	negative	big brother
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr this doesn't feel like thistopc, but rather an episode of """"are you smarter than a numbrth grader?"""""""	negative	big brother
"""twitteraddr the only thing you will hear tomorrow is """"all thistopc numbr contestants have died of food poisoning"""	negative	big brother
twitteraddr dude - u are killing me with the thistopc spoilers.  i may have to unfollow u until the season is over lol	negative	big brother
twitteraddr isn't tna's tv deal gonna be done by the time thistopc ends? austin may want to find jeff jarrett's number....	negative	big brother
"""twitteraddr the judgement of someone's tv fandom from someone who enjoys the bachelor and thistopc is worth sh*t. night, see ya tomorrow!!"""	negative	big brother
"""bake off, strictly, thistopc, x factor. it's the tv equivalent of reading the sun. what's wrong with us? are we ashamed of intelligence?"""	negative	big brother
thistopc is actually painful. can it please be thursday already?	negative	big brother
thistopc was annoying to watch tonight. they all decided to keep an obviously strong opponent over a weak one??? c'mon..	negative	big brother
cant go to class tomorrow too stressed about thistopc	negative	big brother
celebrity thistopc has dipped below numbrmillion viewers for the first time ever in its new saturday timeslot: httpaddr topc	negative	big brother
celebrity thistopc reminds me of that simpsons halloween episode when all those awful celebrities are on a plane to the sun.	negative	big brother
"""celebrity thistopc starts tomorrow. i won't be watching, what a load of shit, the majority of them won't even be celebs. topc topc"	negative	big brother
"""chris christie thinks talk of the numbrth amendment is """"hot air""""? he puts the """"big"""" in thistopc."""	negative	big brother
"""good grief thistopc, can't you get a handle on the ants yet? every season...ants. c'mon, fix the problem. topc"	negative	big brother
i can't believe it's been numbr years since i lost my thistopc. today is his birthday and tomorrow is mine. when... httpaddr	negative	big brother
i should really stop watching thistopc: after dark cause it's only sunday and i already know the nominees and who won the veto...	negative	big brother
i thought thistopc came on for the longest today and i just realized it's monday and the foolery comes on tonight.	negative	big brother
if steve or johnny mac get evicted i may be done with this season of thistopc. i can't stand james or vanessa either. topc	negative	big brother
"""is thistopc playing games with u as well?? i'm stuck on same number since wed. am though i get numbr to numbr hundred fol a day, yes really! topc"	negative	big brother
it may be over for thistopc... i'm just ready for survivor where getting blood on your hands is the name of the game!! cbs needs a revamp	negative	big brother
"""reviving thistopc may have been channel numbr's worst idea ever, and syndicating it may have been tvnumbr's worst idea ever."""	negative	big brother
tv show ratings: mr robinson bows out steady with its finale on wednesday: thistopc drops from i... httpaddr topc	negative	big brother
"""the current celebrity thistopc series may well have been the least watced, but the markmeets tea... httpaddr movie news"""	negative	big brother
this may be the worst thistopc episode in history.	negative	big brother
this may be the worst season of thistopc topc will someone please make a big move!	negative	big brother
this season of thistopc is absolute garbage. if austin makes it in the finale i may throw up topc topc topc	negative	big brother
"""try as i may, i just can't get excited for celebrity thistopc or standard version. it needs a break for s few years topc topc"	negative	big brother
"""watching some crap called """"thistopc"""". okay. i may have been out of the loop for some time now but,... wtf!!"""	negative	big brother
wednesday episodes of thistopc are so boring now that there are no more battle of the block competitions.	negative	big brother
"""when twitteraddr scams a poor innocent girl out of numbrc, after she sat in thistopc for numbr hours.  your pathetic, hosting rights removed."""	negative	big brother
"""why does thistopc still exist? well, it's on channel numbr, which some may consider a fate worse than cancellation."""	negative	big brother
wow after tonight i may actually be done with thistopc for the rest of the season. no one good left to win. topc	negative	big brother
if john goes home in the double eviction tomorrow this will officially be the worst season in thistopc history	negative	big brother
well it is the numbrrd straight crappy week of thistopc. can we just skip ahead to the buy back competition?	negative	big brother
"""we are the numbrth power from the philippines! hi! rita ora: aloha! uhmmm, thistopc, numbr points po kay rita ora kasi hindi educated"""	positive	big brother
"""topc topc tv ratings thursday: 'thistopc' up, 'beauty and the beast' down, 'under the ... - tvbythenumber... httpaddr"	positive	big brother
twitteraddr twitteraddr please some classic twitteraddr thistopc tantrums for the bamboleo gap! please make my wednesday!	positive	big brother
"""twitteraddr james may not be a good thistopc player but he is a great comedian, both intentional and unintentional"""	positive	big brother
"""twitteraddr just what it says: celebrity thistopc, new edition begins thursday, this season's theme is uk vs usa"""	positive	big brother
twitteraddr i mean it was announced utd beat out rookie blue and utd and thistopc were the only shows that did well last thursday!	positive	big brother
twitteraddr look forward to talking topc thistopc season and game play with you tonight! httpaddr	positive	big brother
twitteraddr you better safe that chicago style popcorn for thistopc on sunday	positive	big brother
twitteraddr been watching thistopc since season numbr &amp; ur the numbrst houseguest to follow me. love that u take time numbr interact with ur fans.	positive	big brother
twitteraddr thistopc coming back (us v uk). numbrth anniversary of blur/oasis battle which blur won with country house.	positive	big brother
twitteraddr can you please make thistopc available at its normal time next thursday (online or on another channel)?  thank you.	positive	big brother
twitteraddr numbrst time watching thistopc topc has me hooked. if vanessa doesn't go i'm done! want to see her walk in the topc topc	positive	big brother
twitteraddr hey andrew! when the new season starts--you guys need to have on audrey middleton! she was the numbrst transgender on thistopc!	positive	big brother
twitteraddr yes!!!! lol. i think andy mentioned her on the july numbrth show and audrey actually mentioned him on thistopc too lol. loves him.	positive	big brother
twitteraddr hey ryan! would you consider having on audrey middleton from cbs's thistopc? she made history being the numbrst transgender on it!	positive	big brother
"""twitteraddr haha its like thistopc watching. sorry we didn't see you, what a fantastic wedding saturday was though. catch up soon."""	positive	big brother
twitteraddr could be car crash tv! celebrity thistopc: full lineup revealed as janice dickinson enters the house   httpaddr	positive	big brother
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr lol sister :-) sister act correctly, thistopc is watching. may you be blessed with true goodness &amp; beauty always."""	positive	big brother
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc when on cnumbr never aired the show on a saturday night, instead aired live feed on enumbr, it worked better"""	positive	big brother
twitteraddr it's fun and it may make your time in the thistopc final stretch a little less painful. it's on demand and the lifetime app	positive	big brother
twitteraddr oh snap. you guys know who twitteraddr is? i'll have to meet the thistopc fan who runs this acct. i'll be @ setup on friday!	positive	big brother
"""twitteraddr such a shit argument. thistopc gets millions of viewers, the sun has millions of readers. doesn't make them quality"""	positive	big brother
"""twitteraddr what did you say number numbr? you may be becoming a liability and eventually a statistic. do not taunt """"happy thistopc!"""""""	positive	big brother
twitteraddr wellllllll. thistopc is on at numbr. so i gotta see when dcc is on. i may be watching it friday on demand. :)	positive	big brother
twitteraddr i'm watching the first half until thistopc. it's like the numbrth string players at this point.	positive	big brother
"""twitteraddr oh its ok, i follow a ton of updates from thistopc so i will see it tomorrow"""	positive	big brother
"""a new: thistopc, i am cait and bachelor in paradise and another day off tomorrow!!! yippee!!!!!!!"""	positive	big brother
"""ahh celebrity thistopc, strictly and x factor love this time of the year httpaddr"	positive	big brother
and what a lovely surprise it was to hear thistopc on this track.  happy friday y'all. httpaddr	positive	big brother
awesome episode of thistopc! i'm totally team..topc ? topc ? love it. topc	positive	big brother
thistopc tomorrow is going to be so good	positive	big brother
"""breaking news: bobby, chloe-jasmine &amp; stevie, gail and chris all face eviction from the celebrity thistopc house on tuesday topc topc"	positive	big brother
"""between college football, thistopc, and impractical jokers tomorrow night i'm not gonna be able to leave the tv."""	positive	big brother
"""thistopc facts ... bbnumbr was all-stars, and twitteraddr won the numbrst ever otev competition topc httpaddr"	positive	big brother
thistopc ends and survivor begins on one of my best friends numbrst birthday....ima be a little late to the festivities	positive	big brother
thistopc is like cigarettes or whiskey. numbrst time you want to puke. after you overcome your natural aversion you develop a craving.	positive	big brother
"""thistopc nights are now thursday, friday, &amp; monday. i love the internet topc"	positive	big brother
thistopc starts tomorrow can't wait to see people slowly showing their true faces and/or going insane	positive	big brother
thistopc will be on cbs' sister stations tomorrow because of football. i'll make a list of all the changes. topc	positive	big brother
bring on the housemates! celebrity thistopc kicks off august numbrth @ numbrpm exclusively on tvnumbr! httpaddr	positive	big brother
"""but it was time for paul burrell to bid farewell to the celebrity thistopc house on friday night, though in... httpaddr"	positive	big brother
can thistopc just start now please? i've literally sat for hours doing nothing but wait on topc	positive	big brother
"""can't watch thistopc tomorrow night because of the cowboys game, but it's also playing on abc. topc topc httpaddr"	positive	big brother
catching up on thistopc since i didn't get to watch it wednesday or thursday!	positive	big brother
celebrity thistopc topc is coming tomorrow at numbrpm only on twitteraddr . do not miss it	positive	big brother
celebrity thistopc numbr: see the patriotic new house: celebrity thistopc kicks off on august numbr... httpaddr topc	positive	big brother
celebrity thistopc being tomorrow night at numbrpm on channel numbr!! follow thi account for all the latest news and images! topc	positive	big brother
celebrity thistopc is back tonight at numbr usually i update however tonight there will be no updates from me until tomorrow night	positive	big brother
celebrity thistopc starting tonight and xfactor starting on saturday. it was nice knowing you all.	positive	big brother
celebrity thistopc's best bits: flirty friendships &amp; more... tomorrow night at numbrpm on numbr* or you can catch it on mtv - it's great.	positive	big brother
celebrity thistopc's emma willis is casual ahead of uk vs usa cbb launch: and just a month after the numbrth s... httpaddr	positive	big brother
check out the diary room chair for celebrity thistopc! it's amazing! topc starts thursday numbrpm tvnumbr httpaddr	positive	big brother
"""dad gets back from philly tomorrow which means thistopc will be on every night, so might have a bet to make it interesting, who's fav?"""	positive	big brother
daily mailcelebrity thistopc's emma willis is casual ahead of uk vs usa cbb launchdaily mailand just a month after the numbrth series...	positive	big brother
don't miss celebrity thistopc starting thursday at numbrpm exclusively on tvnumbr! topc who do you want in the topc house?!	positive	big brother
double eviction night tomorrow! a week of thistopc in just one night! gotta see it tomorrow!  topc	positive	big brother
"""ever since may numbr, thistopc season has been in full swing. there hasn't been a day since wherein i haven't watched bb. topc topc topc"	positive	big brother
excited to be a part of the battle of thistopc vs little brother tomorrow afternoon. going to be fun. call sheet is loaded and ready numbr go	positive	big brother
finally got to watch sunday and wednesday's thistopc and i'm so sad to know that clay and shelli are splitting in the game!	positive	big brother
going to go watch the numbr saints movie on my tv.  night! cya tomorrow. oh i watched thistopc. lol!	positive	big brother
"""goodbye cbs all access... i have you until the numbrth, more than enough time for thistopc to complete. thanks for the live feeds."""	positive	big brother
happy birthday to my thistopc twitteraddr can't wait to spend some time with you tomorrow!	positive	big brother
happy birthday to my dearest thistopc. may continue to bless and protect you. love you always. httpaddr	positive	big brother
here's a screenshot of tommy's numbrst conversation with thistopc inside the confession room! topc twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	big brother
hope you had a great wednesday. time for me to  watch thistopc.  yes i'm addicted - i admit it. denise topc httpaddr	positive	big brother
how i'm looking at life rn: thistopc is on tonight and sunday  bachelor in paradise is on saturday and sunday.   topc	positive	big brother
"""i do the same things every sunday ... clean , wash clothes, wash my hair, cook and watch thistopc"""	positive	big brother
"""i have this thing now where i watch sunday and wed eps of thistopc the day after they air then thurs live, so much easier tbh."""	positive	big brother
i just want to spend my last free saturday with you. and go fishing with my thistopc	positive	big brother
i look forward to sunday's thistopc so we can find out exactly what the actual fuck just happened in that double eviction episode. topc	positive	big brother
"""i may, however, decide to tweet about thistopc using a different account. depends, really."""	positive	big brother
"""i really just tweet on wednesday ,thursday and sunday because of thistopc but other then that i don't tweet now."""	positive	big brother
i think meg may very well be one of the most clueless hgs ever on thistopc. she's giving devin a run for his money in cluelessness. topc	positive	big brother
i wish it was sunday so i can watch thistopc.	positive	big brother
i'm going home tomorrow and i better have power at my house by numbrpm so i can watch thistopc	positive	big brother
i'm going to be in toronto om wednesday and i would totally be ok with meeting any thistopc contestant or twitteraddr	positive	big brother
i'm home alone watching the thistopc live feeds on a saturday night topc topc	positive	big brother
"""i'm just honestly so blessed that otra is on a tuesday they're looking out for me because sunday, wednesday and thursday is thistopc"""	positive	big brother
if the apparently leaked line up for celebrity thistopc on thursday is true then it's gonna be fuckin brilliant	positive	big brother
it better be wednesday today. got my slurpee and all i want to do is relax watching thistopc.	positive	big brother
"""it's wednesday night, which means an hour of thistopc and live commentary with twitteraddr it's how we roll."""	positive	big brother
its saturday night - hope you are listening to us discuss thistopc!!  hour two of the show has started httpaddr  topc	positive	big brother
"""james, you're on thistopc. a lot of things will happen to you for the first time. topc httpaddr"	positive	big brother
"""james: thistopc, if she (meg) leaves tomorrow, i'm not going to have anyone to aggravate. topc httpaddr"	positive	big brother
jen crying over her picture on the numbrth season of thistopc is still one of the best moments in television. twitteraddr can back me up.	positive	big brother
julia won her numbrst comp..that means everyone in the house has won a comp..cant remember the last time thistopc had a house like this topc	positive	big brother
"""just saw twitteraddr on the thistopc best bits advert for next saturday, just ash's face is the best bit of thistopc"""	positive	big brother
just watched sunday's thistopc twitteraddr james has the biggest balls topc topc twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	big brother
"""katie price, who won celebrity thistopc in february, returned to the site of her triumph on thursday night for the launch of the new"""	positive	big brother
"""kitchen is clean, laundry is in the washer, kids are in bed, school bags ready for tomorrow. watching thistopc then going to bed"""	positive	big brother
latest: jack mcdermott quits job at mcdonalds just weeks after coming numbrth on thistopc httpaddr topc	positive	big brother
laying in bed all day catching up with thistopc since school starts tomorrow and i'm not ready to give up my freedom.	positive	big brother
looking forward to going to celebrity thistopc launch night next thursday. hoping for some a list guests and dry weather.	positive	big brother
may god bless you thistopc for your plans. a home for numbr families. mabuhay kayo twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	big brother
may or may not be getting ready to watch the very first season ever of thistopc. twitteraddr i'm so ready to see what julie looks like!	positive	big brother
"""me and twitteraddr did a popptartvision based thistopc simulation and kaliopi won, this proves she's queen of everything. esma got numbrnd."""	positive	big brother
omg celebrity thistopc starts tomorrow and x factor starts saturday... my stay-in game is about to get strong	positive	big brother
"""on the bright side, i get to watch thistopc with trevor tomorrow."""	positive	big brother
patiently waiting for a numbrnd topc season of thistopc. c'monnnn! consider it for topc please &amp; thank you twitteraddr topc twitteraddr	positive	big brother
"""picking up my car today, thistopc is on tonight, season premiere of the league, not bad for a wednesday"""	positive	big brother
"""pinoy thistopc celebrates it's numbrth year on air! happy numbr years, pbb! topc"	positive	big brother
pussy nigga made the wrong decision now he numbrnd guessing. thistopc getting real.	positive	big brother
saturday night in with a curry and celebrity thistopc. bank holiday bliss. topc	positive	big brother
seeing ed sheeran on thursday means i have to miss the thistopc live eviction episode. the struggle.	positive	big brother
she's currently preparing for the return of celebrity thistopc on thursday but emma willis was looking relaxed in edinburgh on	positive	big brother
so for whatever dish no longer get cbs. which better be fixed by tomorrow. bc thistopc is on tomorrow &amp; i will not be happy if it's not.	positive	big brother
"""so should be a great article based around my new book, my time on thistopc and our work with the poor in tomorrows wales on sunday paper!"""	positive	big brother
"""strictly, x factor, thistopc - saturday night tv gonna leave me with square eyes!"""	positive	big brother
tv ratings: 'thistopc' leads wednesday; 'mr. robinson' steady-ish on nbc: the cbs show again tops the night... httpaddr	positive	big brother
thanks again eastside! we're off to party with the fancy hollywood types at thistopc. back at it on fri. post the spots tomorrow night.	positive	big brother
that was another dramatic episode of thistopc! i'll be back tomorrow with more tweets! cya!	positive	big brother
the numbr-year-old was seen swooning over the blonde beauty as the couple shared a hot bath together in celebrity thistopc on saturday	positive	big brother
the americans may not have won the opening night game but they are totally running the thistopc show. topc	positive	big brother
the veto comp tmrw may be one of the best ever in the history of thistopc. topc	positive	big brother
there's a bunch of people in my room and all i want to do is watch sunday's thistopc	positive	big brother
this literally may be one of the best week's in a long time on a thistopc season. topc	positive	big brother
this may be one of the best weeks of thistopc in the history of ever. i love this day.	positive	big brother
"""thursday's broadcast ratings: cbs, """"thistopc"""" top charts with ... httpaddr"	positive	big brother
"""to make matters worse, these are """"dumbed down"""" sat tests. thank the nea and thistopc! httpaddr"	positive	big brother
tomorrow topc topc w/ twitteraddr info session twitteraddr learn about the thistopc experience &amp; how you can make an impact.	positive	big brother
"""tuesday's off are the best cause i get to catch up on thistopc, bachelor in paradise, and sytycd. topc"	positive	big brother
ughhh. i love thursday nights because thistopc is live and i honestly don't know who will be sent home tonight topc	positive	big brother
ugh wednesday is taking forever to get here!! all i want to do is watch thistopc topc twitteraddr	positive	big brother
we could be seeing celebrity thistopc launch on the numbrrd of august although no date has been confirmed topc topc httpaddr	positive	big brother
"""well, now that thistopc is on demand from when it didn't record all of it on sunday... time to catch up. topc"	positive	big brother
"""when life gets eerie: my itunes shuffle just started playing """"thistopc"""" by kanye west as i finish off sunday's centerpiece story. timely."""	positive	big brother
who will be evicted. steve or johnny mac. find out tomorrow at numbr/numbrc. and who will return to the game? find out on thistopc! topc	positive	big brother
"""who will be evicted; julia or meg? + it's a topc baby! a weeks worth of thistopc in numbr hr, live tomorrow at numbrpm on twitteraddr topc"	positive	big brother
wish it was live so we could watch feeds like we do with thistopc!! httpaddr	positive	big brother
yasss! vanessa may actually be leaving the thistopc house. i could not be anymore happy how this is playing out! topc	positive	big brother
awwww...i miss the numbrst batch of thistopc when i saw nene...my god its been all ages already! topc	positive	big brother
can it be tomorrow already i want to watch thistopc	positive	big brother
"""literally, i'll have to sprint out to the luas and sprint home thursday night coz i'll be mad to see celebrity thistopc"""	positive	big brother
to watch thistopc is the only reason why i wake up on a sunday	positive	big brother
tomorrow will be one of the best nights ever bcs it's double eviction night on thistopc and my emotions fly everywhere each time	positive	big brother
twitteraddr the u.s. says the thistopc sect in north-east nigeria may have benefitted from money gotten from crude oil theft.	negative	boko haram
"""topc ,may allah purify the souls of the victims of insurgency and aid us with necessary strength to fight thistopc twitteraddr"	negative	boko haram
"""topc topc nigerian army frees numbr children, numbr adults from thistopc: on sunday, the nig... httpaddr topc topc"	negative	boko haram
"""topc nigerian army frees numbr children, numbr adults from thistopc: on sunday, the nigerian army announced it... httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
topc thistopc kills seven in borno community: the borno state police command on sunday confirmed the k... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
"""topc if the presidency has given a december target to eradicate thistopc, it's realistic if they target their top leaders twitteraddr"	negative	boko haram
"""numbr top thistopc militants arrested, nigeria says: nigeria's security agency said on sunday it had made signi... httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
"""numbr things buhari can do and he'll get a numbrnd term automatically. tackle corruption, improve electricity, stifle thistopc."""	negative	boko haram
numbr thistopc militants killed in a clash with chadian security forces: yesterday wednesday ... httpaddr via twitteraddr	negative	boko haram
"""numbr schools closed and nearly numbr,numbr students affected by thistopc attacks httpaddr with ur we can do more for them twitteraddr"	negative	boko haram
numbr children roasted to death after thistopc attack on cameroonian village: thistopc members yesterday july numbrth attacked the borde...	negative	boko haram
twitteraddr may allah bring an end to this killings by the thistopc militants	negative	boko haram
twitteraddr twitteraddr may the merciful lord give them victory over d thistopc the murderers	negative	boko haram
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr destroy isis, hezbollah, thistopc, hamas, al qaeda, just to name a few, &amp; peace may come to the world"""	negative	boko haram
"""twitteraddr the death of our dear president umar m.yar adua brought us gej,a disaster which brought about thistopc httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr dear peter, trust me.... we know you mean well...btw thistopc, food, power, education, hospitals....c'mon"""	negative	boko haram
twitteraddr biafrans died on wednesday bomb blast at gombe in  zoo ( nigeria).we want to be free from this killing everyday by the thistopc.	negative	boko haram
"""twitteraddr r. i.p, i hope it is not this thistopc palaver that causes his death? may god destroy all these thistopc people in nig."""	negative	boko haram
twitteraddr thistopc will soon know the 'strength of our collective will' in sha allah. may god guide the new service chiefs!. amin	negative	boko haram
"""twitteraddr | common knowledge! first, it is under development that aided the growth of thistopc. you may call it causality."""	negative	boko haram
"""twitteraddr do you now realize that you, by virtue of your petition may be why dislodging thistopc will take a longer time to materialize?"""	negative	boko haram
twitteraddr thistopc fighters slit the throats of numbr fishermen in africa on thursday; no mention from you.  jericho ok though so happy days	negative	boko haram
twitteraddr all is alright dami... i was in the northeast at height of the thistopc challenges... saw numbrst hand the sufferings..	negative	boko haram
"""twitteraddr father god, the ravages of thistopc have got to be brought to an end. may your mighty hand seal their fate and bring peace."""	negative	boko haram
"""abuja, aug numbr (reuters) - nigeria's security agency said on sunday it had made significant breakthroughs in the fight against thistopc"""	negative	boko haram
about numbr persons were on tuesday killed when a bomb allegedly planted by members of the thistopc sect exploded... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
"""adamawa to pay prayer warriors nnumbrm to pray against thistopc  in what may appear strange to many, the adamawa... httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
adamawa to pay prayer warriors nnumbrm to pray against thistopc. at numbrst i thought this was a joke. now i know money's the root of all evils.	negative	boko haram
all these talkatives sef....  shey you don clear your sef from the thistopc mess?  aproko httpaddr	negative	boko haram
and some fools still believe thistopc are muslims. they kill more muslims than christians. how does that make sense? may allah help us all	negative	boko haram
"""as part of the continued offensive operations against the thistopc terrorists, troops of numbr brigade friday... httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
at the heart of the thistopc is the huge issue of poverty. these people have no reason to want to live till tomorrow. -topc topc	negative	boko haram
"""bbog group believes that thistopc can be defeated by december, but want tangible info from govt -  httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
"""biu was on friday reinstated and statutorily retired by the psc, numbryrs after dismissal for aiding the escape of thistopc, kabiru sokoto."""	negative	boko haram
boko  haram just hit maroua in the far north region of cameroon. numbr dead. may their souls rest in peace. we shall... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
thistopc - the vindication of governor shettima httpaddr via twitteraddr trust	negative	boko haram
"""thistopc captures five lgs in yobe, borno, targets vips | thisday live httpaddr | report says, it happened post may-numbr."""	negative	boko haram
"""thistopc new deadly attack: nigeria warns us: on monday, august numbr, nigeria warned the united states and oth... httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
thistopc slits throats of numbr fishermen near lake chad: thistopc insurgents on monday slit the throats of t... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
thistopc alliance with isil may have destroyed any glimpse of a dialogue httpaddr via twitteraddr topc	negative	boko haram
"""thistopc are so evil. even on this sacred day for all muslims, they are carrying out bombings. may the hottest part in hell be for them"""	negative	boko haram
thistopc commander was arrested after a raid in the sect's camp in bama borno state yesterday august numbrnd. numbr... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
thistopc extremists on monday raided a village in restive northeast nigeria's borno state near the border with... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
"""thistopc kills numbr in borno: in the dead of the night on sunday, a band of suspected members of the sect kill...  httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
thistopc leader shekau says he is alive httpaddr he may be lieing	negative	boko haram
"""thistopc may have just killed numbr,numbr people: 'killing went on and on and on' httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
"""thistopc member mahamat moustapha, a nigerian, alleged to have been the mastermind of the june suicide attack in... httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
"""thistopc now militants not terrorists says leadership. conspiracy theorists get to work,i want my tl occupied with articles by monday"""	negative	boko haram
thistopc on saturday claimed responsibility for attacks in chad's capital n'djamena and the nigerian city of... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
"""thistopc suffered heavy losses on sunday as nigerian troops took down numbr insurgents faljari, along the... httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
thistopc tops agenda for nigerian leader meet with obama - sun herald httpaddr	negative	boko haram
thistopc: major general assures on military triumph - httpaddr muazu made the statement on sat...  httpaddr	negative	boko haram
bring thistopc prisoners to the se suspend numbrnd niger bridge invade akwa ibom  suspend federal character let southerners defend you	negative	boko haram
buhari has shifted his campaign promise on thistopc. now claims he will end bh by december instead of numbrmonths. nigerians have been scammed	negative	boko haram
buhari took the right decision by telling the military to end the thistopc insurgency by november-obj twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr	negative	boko haram
buhari vows to defeat thistopc by december.  president muhammadu buhari yesterday declared that the... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
by numbr nigeria is predicted to become third most populous country in the world. thistopc may also become a grave threat to world.	negative	boko haram
"""by joe hemba damaturu, nigeria, july numbr (reuters) - thistopc islamist militants attacked the northern nigerian town of buni yadi in yobe"""	negative	boko haram
"""chad executed numbr alleged members of nigeria-based islamist group, thistopc, by firing squad saturday, a day... httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
"""chad sentences thistopc members to death for june attacks: recent months, however, have seen the group stage...  httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
counting the cost of the thistopc crisis httpaddr	negative	boko haram
"""do not close your eyes to thistopc because they are in the north today, they could be anywhere tomorrow -twitteraddr topc"	negative	boko haram
fierce fighting erupts between chadian army and thistopc: heavy fighting pitted the chadian army on monday a... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
from thistopc to the black sash - the numbers issue of monday monthly is out. httpaddr httpaddr	negative	boko haram
gej needs a public apology from all those that called him the sponsor of thistopc.  every sunday and friday is a feast day for thistopc.	negative	boko haram
goodluck jonathan fought thistopc and at the same time transformed the economy .. httpaddr twitteraddr fumbles &amp; wobbles ...	negative	boko haram
goodluck jonathan may have managed the fight against thistopc terribly (as did yar'adua) but it wasn't deliberate httpaddr	negative	boko haram
"""he thinks hijabs should be banned 'cause of the actions of thistopc...that guy should be quarantined, for his stupidity may be contagious."""	negative	boko haram
"""horrendous, may their souls rest in peace, i hope the govt redoubles their efforts to wipe out thistopc. httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
i pity those 'ba turenci' northerners. many of them may be victims in this war against thistopc just as we get... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
"""i remember chad calling thistopc """"school boys"""" vowing to end them in two weeks.. now he knows what's up  httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
i think nig &amp; chad specifically need numbr coordinate info release about thistopc. contradictions may hamper mnjtf operations twitteraddr	negative	boko haram
i'm in the south but my greatest desire is to see an end to thistopc. may god help our twitteraddr president. twitteraddr	negative	boko haram
"""if gmb goes after thistopc with the same passion he went after dasuki,the numbr+ victims of the yobe bomb blast on friday will still be alive"""	negative	boko haram
if you go down to history books of islam you will see that nothing like thistopc fake jihad ever take place httpaddr	negative	boko haram
"""in topc wisdom, people that run away from thistopc what their salaries and careers yet he wanna win the war by november"""	negative	boko haram
"""in a village in the northeast of the country on tuesday, suspected thistopc militants burned down houses,... httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
july numbr: mnjtf faces thistopc with broken strategy httpaddr httpaddr	negative	boko haram
kudos to the coas and the entire military numbrst by leading the troops on the ground against thistopc and numbrndly for... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
"""let me remind you, daily trust..  monguno: a no-nonsense general takes on thistopc  httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
many feared dead as a bomb blast rocks the crowded sunday market in damaturu. thistopc shall be defeated	negative	boko haram
may allah forgive the souls of all the people killed in various senseless bombings by thistopc during ramadhan and beyond including gombe	negative	boko haram
"""may god be with the survivals of the terrors of thistopc, and may the souls of those dead from their venomous strikes rest in peace. amen."""	negative	boko haram
may god give us the strength to defeat thistopc collectively and soon. amen!	negative	boko haram
may god protect and guide our nigerian army in fighting against the thistopc where is ex president gej with his fake army to see.	negative	boko haram
may god touch the hearts of the thistopc insurgents to stop the bloodletting - ibb httpaddr	negative	boko haram
"""may we live to see they end of these devils called """"thistopc"""" and hear what the haters will say."""	negative	boko haram
may d almighty allah in his infinite mercy use dis set of service chiefs as the tool numbr end d thistopc menace on our land. twitteraddr	negative	boko haram
"""may your heart rest in the beautiful paradise of allah, my prayer for the gombe and damaturu victims of thistopc topc twitteraddr pdp"""	negative	boko haram
meet the new nsa; major general mt monguno.... may almighty god give him the wisdom to defeat thistopc! amen httpaddr	negative	boko haram
"""mehn..this thistopc is just like a cancer..,that said, ibelieve one day all this killings will end httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
"""military seizes vehicle laden with thistopc fuel, drugs: nigerian troops said on tuesday it had made a numbe... httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
misleading headline. but may this divided anc-house soon fall. -&gt; 'thistopc' make a bid for limpopo httpaddr	negative	boko haram
"""monday: i know that since the activities of thistopc are all against humanity, god will soon expose them. their end is near."""	negative	boko haram
"""mr president to defeat thistopc in numbr months is too long, at least numbr months because pple's are suffering,pple's are die.may allah help you"""	negative	boko haram
"""mullah omar inspired terrorists like thistopc who use girls as sex slaves. if hell exists, may he rot in it forever httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
negotiation with thistopc may not be a good idea as it will spark uprising in other parts of the country httpaddr	negative	boko haram
"""new african force set to take on thistopc soon: nigerian president: in a related development on tuesday, the...  httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
news break nigeria the british government said on friday that the thistopc insurgency had brought untold misery... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
nigeria air strikes kill 'large number' of thistopc: abuja (afp) - nigeria said sunday it had carried out ai... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
nigeria air strikes kill `large number` of thistopc: nigeria said sunday it had carried out air strikes in t... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
nigeria reports thistopc arrests: nigeria's security agency said on sunday it had made significant breakthro... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
nigeria says it has captured a thistopc commander &amp; freed numbr hostages; not clear if they include some chibok girls httpaddr	negative	boko haram
nigeria was promised to be rid of thistopc in numbr months by pmb.it seems it was a mere promise after all.twitteraddr httpaddr	negative	boko haram
nigeria's army said late on sunday that it rescued numbr people held by islamist militant group thistopc in nigeria's borno state topc	negative	boko haram
nigeria's army said late on sunday that it rescued numbr people held by islamist militant group thistopc in... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
nigerian troops have discovered thistopc terrorists supply routes: nigerian troops on wednesday said it has ... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
nigerian media seek to cope with thistopc threat  httpaddr	negative	boko haram
nigerian troops yesterday august numbrth arrested one mai mustapha alleged to be the fuel supplier to thistopc... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
of course nigeria blames the u.s. for not being able to fight thistopc. numbrrd world countries don't want to progress. just depend on others.	negative	boko haram
"""on monday, thistopc extremists raided a village in borno state near the border with niger, killing numbr people,... httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
only idiots wont want revelation about thistopc. so dasuki knew the secrets all along but loved killers more?! httpaddr	negative	boko haram
"""our cameroun horror, by thistopc returnees  on august numbr, cameroonian authorities began the repatriation... httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
"""our cameroun horror, by thistopc returnees: on  august numbr,  cameroonian authorities  began the repatriation o... httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
police arrests thistopc commander linked with suicide attacks: nigeria's secret police said sunday it had ar... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
"""presidency, thistopc reportedly begin negotiation talks: there may be hope around the c... httpaddr .. via twitteraddr"	negative	boko haram
presidency: military may wipe out thistopc insurgents ahead deadline: the nigeria military could wipe the in... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
president barack obama will welcome nigeria's new president to the white house monday in an effort to bolster the fight against thistopc	negative	boko haram
president muhammadu buhari may have set a deadline for the end of thistopc deadly activities as h... httpaddr topc	negative	boko haram
relatives of the numbr nigerian schoolgirls kidnapped by thistopc will hold a march &amp; candle-lit vigil to mark numbr days since the abductions	negative	boko haram
reports in nigeria say as many as numbr people may have been killed after a raid on a village in the north-east by thistopc militants.	negative	boko haram
reports in nigeria say as many as numbr people may have been killed after a raid on a village in the north-east by suspected thistopc.	negative	boko haram
reports: thistopc killed numbr civilians since numbr may: kano and kaduna states located in the north-west record...  httpaddr	negative	boko haram
"""road accident is the numbrnd highest source of violent death after thistopc in nigeria.yet,no data to warn citizens twitteraddr topc"	negative	boko haram
"""sad news! numbr people shot, drowned in yobe river by thistopc gunmen. may allah curse the haramist wherever they're  httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
some members of the thistopc sect have been killed by troops of the numbrth task force brigade in gwoza	negative	boko haram
sounds premature. hope it's true: thistopc has been 'decapitated': chadian leader - httpaddr via twitteraddr	negative	boko haram
tl;dr: i'm literally the numbrnd biggest piece of shit in africa right now next to thistopc.	negative	boko haram
the borno police command on sunday confirmed the killing of seven persons after suspected thistopc terrorist... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
"""the borno state police commissioner, aderemi opadokun, on monday confirmed fresh attacks by the thistopc sect... httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
the nigerian army on wednesday released numbr detainees after certifying that they had no link with the thistopc terrorists group in borno.	negative	boko haram
the nigerian government hasn't been transparent enough in the fight against thistopc topc httpaddr	negative	boko haram
the sultan of sokoto alhaji sa'ad abubakar has said thistopc terrorist are out to spoil the name of islam as a whole. may they be exposed	negative	boko haram
"""the u.s. says the thistopc sect in north-east nigeria may have benefitted from money gotten from crude oil theft httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
the multinational joint task force put together to battle the thistopc insurgency is expected swing into action on july numbrst -femi adesina	negative	boko haram
they should always be included in our prayers. may allah give them the strength and power to vanquish thistopc. httpaddr	negative	boko haram
troops of the numbr division nigerian army on friday engaged dozens of thistopc terrorists in a blood... httpaddr topc	negative	boko haram
"""tuesday attack by thistopc militants on gamgara village, near the town of bosso, niger left a dozen people dead, local sources report"""	negative	boko haram
vice president yemi osinbajo on thursday alleged that members of the thistopc sect have concluded plans to bomb... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
"""vice president yemi osinbajo today, saturday, embracing one of the boys numbr boys orphaned by thistopc... httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
villagers reported numbr persons killed on tuesday night as thistopc fighters returns to the village httpaddr	negative	boko haram
we owe it a duty to crush thistopc not grant them mercy. at least if not for ourselves but for future terrorists who may rear their heads	negative	boko haram
we will defeat thistopc by the end of this year-buhari: speaking in cotonou on saturday during a gala lunch ... httpaddr	negative	boko haram
wishing the best for the new service chiefs.  may they find wisdom and knowledge to fight thistopc topc	negative	boko haram
"""with the way thistopc is going and pmb 's response, we may have more casualties by the end of his tenure."""	negative	boko haram
you say no to western education but you record videos and post them on youtube. may your hypocrisy destroy you thistopc.	negative	boko haram
"""as afs id may be wrong. and he can't move towards maine, as that's where i've guided putin in, if required, to cut the thistopc alibi bull"""	negative	boko haram
"""economic activities in northern nigeria has gone down by numbr% due to thistopc, learn about it..then learn to stop it httpaddr"	negative	boko haram
httpaddr  nigeria said thursday it has appointed a general to lead a new multinational task force created to fight thistopc	negative	boko haram
thistopc has a new leader and he may be willing to negotiate: chadian president - httpaddr	positive	boko haram
welcome to lukmon osukoya's blog: thistopc may be receiving its funding from the p... httpaddr	positive	boko haram
"""twitteraddr may thistopc carries his child, but he has been carrying eleanor on his heart for numbr years, thing that he'll never do with thistopc"""	negative	briana
"""twitteraddr wyd mate? numbrst you knock up that ugg thistopc , &amp; now you unfollow eleanor on ig. wyd?wyd?wyd?"""	negative	briana
twitteraddr but a friend of thistopc said that louis may not be the dad because she's also hooking up with other guys that time	negative	briana
twitteraddr numbrst louis doesn't like blond hair he lvs brown hair!numbrnd harry has dimples! numbrrd harry is cute af! so thistopc can get lost!	negative	briana
twitteraddr twitteraddr then this shit better fucking end tonight thistopc and i don't want to hear anything from you tomorrow or ever	negative	briana
twitteraddr twitteraddr that's ashley in the numbrst pic not thistopc but the pregnancy is still fake af	negative	briana
twitteraddr yea look at the numbrst tweet of thistopc's failed tweets she posted(she tweeted this pic earlier) httpaddr	negative	briana
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr youre in denial jfc . the babys born in february right , watch thistopc get a """"miscarriage"""" or some shit ."""	negative	briana
twitteraddr twitteraddr guys chill we dont know shit about thistopc we may not like the fact she's here but calling her names is rude	negative	briana
twitteraddr i know for sure that thistopc's baby is not louis' ! he may have had sex with her but she did also with someone else sooo..m	negative	briana
"""twitteraddr ...so a sextape leaks, which may or may not be thistopc, and it automatically means management set it up and she's a pornstar..."""	negative	briana
anne hathaway hid her pregnancy so well ppl just found out she's in her numbrnd trimester. if thistopc is so private why couldn't she do the same?	negative	briana
thistopc added tons of shit from sunday work day httpaddr	negative	briana
thistopc is acting like us not wearing uniforms to school tomorrow is the next world war numbr	negative	briana
thistopc just sat her ass there while matt said he's done with her sister? this chic!  she deserves everything she gets! topc	negative	briana
"""fuckin """"thistopc updates"""" bitch u may as well start an update account for your shit you so interested in some fake ass """"baby mama"""""""	negative	briana
how immature can you be calling danielle a stunt/beard/december girlfriend? like he's way happier with her than eleanor or thistopc..	negative	briana
i can already see articles talking about this and how he should be w/ thistopc or some shit the sun will bust a nut httpaddr	negative	briana
just saying thistopc got pregnant when she had a bf in march/april and louis and eleanor had just broken up isn't that just fishy	negative	briana
"""paps: this one if for the sun!! thistopc: *stands behind louis and poses*  so not set up, nope nope nope, not one bit"""	negative	briana
so thistopc is allowed to smoke but not allowed to take photos by fans because it may affect the baby okay then.	negative	briana
"""some say he knocked thistopc while with eleanor but??? she's due in february, do you think she'll be pregnant for numbr months or what?"""	negative	briana
stop concentrating on all this thistopc drama&amp;concentrate on the fact that the boys numbrth album comes out in numbr days topc topc	negative	briana
this is upsetting! you may not like thistopc but  spreading these false rumors that could ruin her life is horrible  httpaddr	negative	briana
to anyone in thistopc's family who may stumble upon this let it be known that we've always believed you're bottom of the barrel trash but that	negative	briana
tomorrow modest will show us louis and thistopc together. but you know this is a lie. topc httpaddr	negative	briana
unless thistopc was as virgin- the only thing i can tell twitteraddr is dna test! she wouldn't be the numbrst trying numbr trap a celebrity...	negative	briana
"""wait hw can louis break-up w/ thistopc if she's never been his gf in the numbrst place. he knocked her up, yes but gf? uhm topc one direction"""	negative	briana
what confuses me is that thistopc was literally fuckin pulled out of louis' ass in like may and like numbr weeks later she was pregnant numbr+numbr=numbr	negative	briana
"""why can't people just accept that louis got thistopc pregnant, end of story, move on  httpaddr"	negative	briana
"""woaw just because thistopc is """"having"""" louis' baby she has the sun shining out of her ass. httpaddr"	negative	briana
thistopc may be pregnant but louis isnt the dad or atleast he is not excited about it you can obviously see it when he's been asked about it	negative	briana
thistopc was waiting the baby since dec numbr and its impossible being pregnant for almost a year topc one direction httpaddr	negative	briana
thistopc's cousin is literally that numbrth grade girl who just found out her that her laptop has a webcam httpaddr	negative	briana
"""by the people timeline, thistopc is due on jan numbrth this better fucking end jan numbrth i hope i never see fucking danielle campbell ever again"""	negative	briana
im so happy that danielle may be with louis bc then thistopc and her stupid family can stop acting like they entitlement and just hav the	negative	briana
lol rt twitteraddr jul numbr how louis &amp; thistopc met -- it's actually kind of embarrassing... httpaddr httpaddr	negative	briana
louis and thistopc may be shopping today but she's not the one who was introduced to the tomlinson squad during jay's wedding today smh	negative	briana
ok but louis hasnt been seen with thistopc since like what march ???? he is never with her and he looks so uncomfortable when interviewers+	negative	briana
somenumbr come wait in line with me thursday at numbrtwitteraddr bc thistopc is being a bitch	negative	briana
the brouis baby may be rotting in thistopc's womb by now. somebody should check it before someone finds out the pregnancy thing is fake.. oops	negative	briana
yall thistopc a funny ass bitch yo she may be slow asf but gosh lee she be having me dead	negative	briana
yea im done with thistopc she getting blocked for the numbrrd time now	negative	briana
yeah. its just that the other day my feed was plastered with hate to thistopc and i did httpaddr httpaddr	negative	briana
"""twitteraddr good evening thistopc, i wish you a good tuesday and an excellent christmas eve :-)"""	positive	briana
"""twitteraddr may i just ask, do you still have your tongue piercing, thistopc? topc :) thanks."""	positive	briana
"""twitteraddr why hello and happy thursday to you thistopc, it's been a while, i love your new profile picture btw, gorgeous"""	positive	briana
twitteraddr if harry or louis planned on coming out that plan changed. thistopc may have been part of the new strategy-louis is straight+	positive	briana
"""twitteraddr good morning happy saturday miss thistopc. hope you are having fun wherever you happen to be. thank you for being you,always."""	positive	briana
"""twitteraddr allie &amp; thistopc sitting in a tree. k-i-s-s-i-n-g. numbrst comes love, numbrnd comes marriage then comes thistopc with a baby carriage"""	positive	briana
"""twitteraddr yes. i wld like to see dolls of the novel fourth sunday - gwen, nat, thistopc, destiny,camille,allana httpaddr twitteraddr"	positive	briana
"""twitteraddr sorry to hear that! if things change before feb, lemme know! i'll buy you a coffee and squee about kim and thistopc at you. *lol*"""	positive	briana
"""twitteraddr this was so the sun couldn't spin a """"louis trying for relationship with thistopc"""" story from her attending the concerts"""	positive	briana
"""twitteraddr happy friday, thistopc! if i may ask, how does writing a book feel to you? *mini-research going on* :d httpaddr"	positive	briana
"""twitteraddr happy saturday, thistopc. i just left my biggest family christmas gathering of the season. how are you?"""	positive	briana
"""twitteraddr happy thursday, thistopc. i hope you have a good one. :)"""	positive	briana
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr  numbrrd: thistopc is the only one i can trust	positive	briana
"""twitteraddr thistopc, ty for the like of my quote. glad you liked it. have an enjoyable thurs out in la."""	positive	briana
twitteraddr focus on thistopc and michael and your family - just look at those gorgeous grand babies! they think u r the sun! be happy vicki.	positive	briana
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr i feel next season may be better for vicki if thistopc is on topc with adorable boys. topc	positive	briana
aj already seems to be cracking and all he did was go with my dad to pick them up from the airport ; thistopc and i may win this bet lol	positive	briana
attn athletes: did you just finish your am run? we now offer yoga for athletes every tues at noon with thistopc! it's the best recovery.	positive	briana
bitch a lot of people do sextapes but because it was thistopc yall are attacking her  httpaddr	positive	briana
thistopc roberts placed numbrth in the state to qualify for meet of champions! congratulations thistopc! topc topc httpaddr	positive	briana
thistopc has a normal sized bump for how far along she supposedly is its the same size as the girl i work withs and shes due in feb	positive	briana
thistopc is the most prettiest girl i have ever known since i was in numbrth grade	positive	briana
thistopc made a playlist of songs that remind her of me and the numbrrd one to come on was all i want for christmas by mariah carey:')	positive	briana
thistopc may be pregnant but i'll never believe it's louis' until he looks happy about it lmao	positive	briana
"""thistopc's numbrth bday bash in january , just wait on it."""	positive	briana
can it just be wednesday so i can see thistopc already	positive	briana
"""for once in her life, thistopc did not answer her phone on the numbrst ring. so i successfully sang her ringback tone all the way thru lmao"""	positive	briana
"""fun fact: thistopc said that since she lives in vancouver, sometimes she just goes to set to visit and therefore may or may not be in the gag"""	positive	briana
"""harry during louis &amp; thistopc's wedding  if tomorrow you won't be mine, won't you give it to me one last time oh, baby let me love you goodbye"""	positive	briana
i dreamt i was sitting on a couch with louis watching this show and then thistopc came in and sat down and i just ran away so fast	positive	briana
i have one on saturday with this really cute girl named thistopc and i'm v nervous cause i still have a massive zit lmfao	positive	briana
"""i'm very sure it is thistopc, but i do not see tattoos louis. i may not be able to defend if it's true. sympathy so much. topc"	positive	briana
just got to lax and have a few hours before my flight to okc. prayers for thistopc tomorrow as she has surgery to remove enlarged lymph nodes	positive	briana
"""lean in close, the thistopc thing is also promotion. it's going to raise the sales on friday. you just wait and see. :)"""	positive	briana
mayo clinic bound on sunday with thistopc.  focused on getting my baby healthy!! nothing else matters right now.  topc	positive	briana
omg thistopc is amazing she is my new remodel!!! topc topc topc httpaddr	positive	briana
"""on the menu, thistopc's numbrst-prize venison chili: i made this my first time participating in a chili c... httpaddr topc food"""	positive	briana
such a fun party! happy numbrth birthday thistopc! everyone loved doing a paint party at the sleepover and the... httpaddr	positive	briana
thank you to brenda may callander jp peter tanya (i think) thistopc  zack austin andrew  and i'm thinking grandma... httpaddr	positive	briana
the funniest part of the break comes when thistopc exceed period numbr months being pregnant httpaddr	positive	briana
there is not need to wine about it:)  thistopc's wine pick for this week will make your wine wednesday the best one... httpaddr	positive	briana
think the topc gang is gonna pull it off tomorrow? i'm with thistopc. best timehop ever. httpaddr	positive	briana
"""thinking about work tomorrow makes me wanna puke haha, but at least i work with thistopc"""	positive	briana
tuesday is the best day of the week.  topc deli san pedro topc topc @ thistopc's deli httpaddr	positive	briana
y'all i just realized and we haven't spoken about this in a while but if thistopc is really having a baby she is due in january i believe...	positive	briana
thistopc gets her last gift tomorrow and she's probably gonna cry like a baby!!	positive	briana
thistopc should give birth on friday it would be good for album promo	positive	briana
honestly i will die if thistopc gives birth on february numbrst that would be the funniest thing ever	positive	briana
thistopc.. attacking me on monday night raw was indeed the biggest mistake you've ever made.. listen here son. this is not the deadman-	negative	brock lesnar
twitteraddr yes. thistopc will appear tomorrow then he will be gone till before royal rumble	negative	brock lesnar
"""twitteraddr thistopc may have ended the undertakers wrestlemania streak, but he did not keep the deadman down."""	negative	brock lesnar
anyone who has talked wrestling with me knows how much i hate thistopc. seeing him at raw on monday will be literal hell.	negative	brock lesnar
thistopc coming to espn tomorrow. to be safe i am going numbr miles away. let him kill twitteraddr and twitteraddr	negative	brock lesnar
"""currently sweating more than thistopc, house feels like the sun"""	negative	brock lesnar
everybody better hide tomorrow. if thistopc is there he will fuck shit up again. no one is safe lol	negative	brock lesnar
"""finding it bizarre how they keep having the undertaker beat the shit out of thistopc, if he wins on sunday i'll find it hard to stomach."""	negative	brock lesnar
i may be bad at sex but i just beat thistopc at summerslam for the wwe championship so who's really winning?	negative	brock lesnar
it never not being fun to see thistopc kill people &amp; loving heyman's promo with one problem httpaddr topc	negative	brock lesnar
"""last monday on raw, thistopc was beaten up by the undertaker."""	negative	brock lesnar
last week thistopc attacked a car with an axe. tomorrow twitteraddr is going to attack a human with an axe... rip will ospreay.	negative	brock lesnar
listened to thistopc on espn radio this morning and a little disappointed he wasn't able to plug logan storley's numbrst mma match friday.	negative	brock lesnar
surprising end to a gauntlet match between thistopc and the three weakest members of the raw roster in wwe numbrknumbr. he lost to the numbrnd man.	negative	brock lesnar
"""if you are not entertained when turning wwe on a monday night  then there's something wrong with you."""" - thistopc. i agree."""	positive	brock lesnar
topc this is a billion times cooler than thistopc destroying the catilac with an axe on monday night raw.	positive	brock lesnar
numbrst time in my life i agree with thistopc about his rousey comment. topc topc	positive	brock lesnar
twitteraddr i hope he's ready for thistopc on sunday.	positive	brock lesnar
"""twitteraddr monday night, i watched monday night raw instead of the tigers game. thistopc destroying stuff is more entertaining."""	positive	brock lesnar
"""twitteraddr on sunday, the final chapter to the biggest lopsided rivalry is written. all hail thistopc! httpaddr"	positive	brock lesnar
"""twitteraddr could basically be a female thistopc type but the standard of competition would have to be higher numbrst, i could see it happening"""	positive	brock lesnar
twitteraddr travone who do you think will win this sunday undertaker or thistopc	positive	brock lesnar
twitteraddr exactly! seeing undertaker and thistopc go at it would've been my numbrth grade dream come true hahaha	positive	brock lesnar
twitteraddr vs twitteraddr at tuesday night main event. tell triple h u want a match against thistopc tonight	positive	brock lesnar
twitteraddr twitteraddr heyman's promo on monday for thistopc was the best promo in twitteraddr twitteraddr history! twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	brock lesnar
twitteraddr forget the yankees.. thistopc in the ring on monday night raw! numbr days to summer slam!	positive	brock lesnar
twitteraddr mam at this sunday when you host raw sunday dhamaal please take thistopc's side.... ;) &lt;numbr	positive	brock lesnar
twitteraddr who do you have winning this sunday? the undertaker or thistopc	positive	brock lesnar
twitteraddr monday night raw should be good tonight i wonder will sting show up or if thistopc will be there	positive	brock lesnar
"""twitteraddr well moose is in luck, because tomorrow at wwe summer slam, undertaker faces off with thistopc and omg i can't wait."""	positive	brock lesnar
"""twitteraddr your also a wwe pro wrestling fan? i hope we the """"feud"""" between the undertaker vs thistopc is over after sun """"summerslam""""?"""	positive	brock lesnar
a tribute to rowdy roddy piper and the return of thistopc. it all happens tomorrow! topc	positive	brock lesnar
all pumped. topc is tomorrow and thistopc is taking the undertaker to topc yay yay!	positive	brock lesnar
also may have purchased a thistopc and a bray wyatt shirt for my trip to topc it's the day before payday &amp; i still have money!	positive	brock lesnar
are you guys ready for thistopc to return on monday night raw?!?! too bad i already wore his shirt last monday. i gotta wash it soon.	positive	brock lesnar
"""as long as triple h,john cena, and thistopc are still in the wwe i got no shame in watching the occasional monday night raw"""	positive	brock lesnar
"""as noted, thistopc has been announced for the october numbrrd wwe live event from madison square (cont) httpaddr"	positive	brock lesnar
thistopc vs the undertaker  supporting lesnar butttttt. may the best man win topc	positive	brock lesnar
baron corbin might actually have the numbrnd best job in the world next to thistopc   arrive squash/get paid leave repeat	positive	brock lesnar
thistopc and paul heyman... may be the only numbr reasons why i still watch wwe	positive	brock lesnar
thistopc and the undertaker are both confirmed to be at raw next monday i am screaming	positive	brock lesnar
"""thistopc confronts the undertaker: raw, july numbr, numbr httpaddr via twitteraddr this is what we call the wwe b| hell yeah!"""	positive	brock lesnar
thistopc going to kick undertakers ass tomorrow topc topc	positive	brock lesnar
thistopc is going over sunday at topc doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out topc	positive	brock lesnar
thistopc live in-studio with mike and mike tomorrow is actually interesting to me. although the interview won't be...	positive	brock lesnar
"""thistopc on espn tomorrow including twitteraddr and sportscenter. glad to see the worldwide leader embracing the """"e"""" in espn and wwe."""	positive	brock lesnar
thistopc on sportscenter tomorrow morning. wrasslin' is going mainstream again!	positive	brock lesnar
thistopc on sportscenter talking about his fight with the undertaker this sunday.... what a time to be alive	positive	brock lesnar
thistopc reminds fans why he can beat the undertaker this sunday at twitteraddr summerslam. httpaddr	positive	brock lesnar
thistopc returns tomorrow on raw the fight will continue...	positive	brock lesnar
thistopc vs bo dallas at the msg show in october has been announced. it's like an early birthday present.	positive	brock lesnar
thistopc vs the undertaker match next sunday is going to be great.	positive	brock lesnar
thistopc will be facing the undertaker on august numbr make sure not to miss all you wwe fans out there.it could be the best match ever!!	positive	brock lesnar
thistopc's the best thing going in wrestling.   there's not even a close numbrnd.	positive	brock lesnar
can't wait for topc tomorrow! thistopc and undertaker in the same arena?!? topc httpaddr	positive	brock lesnar
can't wait for raw tomorrow night. thistopc and undertaker both in the same arena. that's going to be awesome!	positive	brock lesnar
"""can't wait to hear the huge pop for thistopc tonight, despite the fact that he's facing the undertaker this sunday. topc"	positive	brock lesnar
can't wait to see what's going to happen between the undertaker and thistopc on tonight's twitteraddr topc before topc this sunday	positive	brock lesnar
cringed a few times during that interview on twitteraddr felt bad for thistopc. summerslam is this sunday by the way	positive	brock lesnar
don't miss the beast thistopc on espn tomorrow morning! topc httpaddr	positive	brock lesnar
even though the undertaker may be old he's the only superstar in the current roaster that can stand up to thistopc!!! topc	positive	brock lesnar
"""every tuesday after i watch twitteraddr raw all i want to do all day is walk around sayin """"my client thistopc!"""" before i start any conversation"""	positive	brock lesnar
fuck i have an exam tomorrow but thistopc is on raw tonight  uhhhh  i pick the beast	positive	brock lesnar
"""first time ever you hear """"boos"""" for the undertaker! thistopc gonna beat his ass sunday!!  topc"	positive	brock lesnar
getting twitteraddr pay-per-view tonight for numbrst time in long time. twitteraddr will be cool.the undertaker vs thistopc! httpaddr	positive	brock lesnar
hey it's monday! which means monday night raw tonight! which means the undertaker &amp; thistopc!!	positive	brock lesnar
i can't wait for the main event of summerslam undertaker vs thistopc! may the best man win!	positive	brock lesnar
i can't wait tomorrow is the big day undertaker vs thistopc for the last time ever!! topc topc	positive	brock lesnar
i do claim thistopc as one of the best ufc fighters ever because he is the numbrnd person ever to win the title in only his numbrth pro fight.	positive	brock lesnar
i feel like thistopc may be the only boyfriend that's safe dating rousey.	positive	brock lesnar
i had a dream that thistopc won the numbrrd annual topc because he fnumbrd everyone. i woke up hoping it wasn't a dream.	positive	brock lesnar
i hope the oct numbr special from madison square garden (feat. thistopc) is broadcast on the network... 'cause this guy has ringside seats.	positive	brock lesnar
"""i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr wwe raw, thistopc and paul heyman addressed the ending of summerslam, aug numbr,"""	positive	brock lesnar
"""i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr relive the buildup to thistopc's clash against roman reigns: smackdown, march numbr,"""	positive	brock lesnar
i think it's fair to say that thistopc is winning this sunday topc twitteraddr	positive	brock lesnar
i think that having undertaker on monday night raw and in a feud with thistopc is best for business! topc topc	positive	brock lesnar
"""i want to see thistopc f-numbr david cameron this november. whaddaya think, twitteraddr"	positive	brock lesnar
"""i'm calling it now, monday, august numbrth numbr, numbr:numbr pm  thistopc will make undertaker tap out."""	positive	brock lesnar
i'm still thinking about sunday &amp; last night. the undertaker &amp; thistopc are going to tare the house at topc topc	positive	brock lesnar
"""if tomorrow my wrestling promotion was up and running, it would be thistopc. you need someb... httpaddr topc topc topc"	positive	brock lesnar
"""it's topc topc on sunday! we make thistopc numbr/numbr to take out the undertaker, who is numbr/numbr. full odds here: httpaddr"	positive	brock lesnar
"""it's numbrpm. i'm sat in my chair watching topc spaming twitteraddr with thistopc gifs. great night. httpaddr"	positive	brock lesnar
july numbrth numbr is a historic night thanks to the topc topc and topc twitteraddr for bringing in thistopc to start a riot topc	positive	brock lesnar
"""just keep watching thistopc and undertaker going at it on monday. absolutely brilliant! that's what went missing in the """"new era"""" topc"	positive	brock lesnar
kurt angle is the only man to pin or submit thistopc in singles competition from june-august in mma or pro wrestling. he did it numbr times	positive	brock lesnar
ladies &amp; gentleman it's time for monday night raw! and we start it off with the beast incarnate thistopc topc topc	positive	brock lesnar
"""looking forward to monday night raw, the return of thistopc (and twitteraddr topc"	positive	brock lesnar
might just have to hit up monday night raw because thistopc is going to be there.	positive	brock lesnar
monday night raw in numbr hour john cena returns plus thistopc and the undertaker in the same building could go wild on usa network	positive	brock lesnar
monday night raw on tonight cena's back and thistopc and undertaker are back!	positive	brock lesnar
monday night raw!!!! time to play the game and hopefully thistopc will rest in tombstone city	positive	brock lesnar
my money is on john cena.. and thistopc... two of the best matches you'll get to see on sunday!!!!!!!!!!!!	positive	brock lesnar
never break the numbrth comandment  of the beast thistopc thy shall not intentionally provoke the beast	positive	brock lesnar
"""on sunday, thistopc will have lived the dream of competing in a nyc-based ppv, which he wouldn't have done had he returned to the ufc."""	positive	brock lesnar
"""one of the best promo i've seen in years. thistopc confronts the undertaker: raw, july numbr, numbr httpaddr via twitteraddr"	positive	brock lesnar
ooohh yeah i just remembered... i'm going to raw tomorrow!!!!!!! undertaker and thistopc!!!!!!!!! topc	positive	brock lesnar
"""rip bo dallas, we hardly knew you. loved this. wwe raw,  bo dallas interrupt thistopc, aug numbr, numbr httpaddr via twitteraddr"	positive	brock lesnar
"""replaying wwe july numbr.  if i was j&amp;j securities, i would never try to mess with thistopc. he's cool. omg"""	positive	brock lesnar
"""save the date, august numbr numbr, topc main event, the undertaker vs. thistopc..gonna be epic..topc"	positive	brock lesnar
seeing undertaker laugh at thistopc may have been the greatest thing i have ever seen! topc topc topc	positive	brock lesnar
so thistopc is just going to throw every single person on the roster into the sun? great. topc	positive	brock lesnar
"""ten sports , thistopc is win the fight.because he diserved it. """"believe that""""topc sunday dhamal"""	positive	brock lesnar
that brawl between undertaker and thistopc was crazy last monday on raw i want to see more	positive	brock lesnar
that scrap between the undertaker and thistopc on monday night raw last night looked like the best craic ever	positive	brock lesnar
that was absolutely the most amazing episode of monday night topc topc all hail thistopc!!!  topc	positive	brock lesnar
"""the undertaker and thistopc going at it on monday night raw was unbelievable, another reason why i am fan of professional wrestling."""	positive	brock lesnar
undertaker officially won but we know thistopc should be the winner watch topc tomorrow night ! topc topc httpaddr	positive	brock lesnar
undertaker vs thistopc may just be interesting topc topc	positive	brock lesnar
undertaker vs thistopc kesho sunday wah... this is the fight of the century now .... i need to see the... httpaddr	positive	brock lesnar
very excited for twitteraddr topc paperview this sunday. man i really hope the undertaker tombstones thistopc back to the ufc	positive	brock lesnar
"""wwe in thistopc's territory of minneapolis, minnesota! and fittingly topc on monday night raw. i love it! topc"	positive	brock lesnar
what chaos between thistopc and undertaker on monday night raw loved it can't wait for summerslam httpaddr	positive	brock lesnar
wishing sunday was today. topc someone's going to hell tomorrow night. either thistopc or undertaker.	positive	brock lesnar
woah! what a way to kick off monday night raw with thistopc!	positive	brock lesnar
wwe monday night raw is going to be hilarious i can't wait for this and thistopc	positive	brock lesnar
you already know thistopc will beat/win the undertaker this sunday at summer slam looool mark my words	positive	brock lesnar
you can sell your soul to the devil but your ass belongs to thistopc..twitteraddr just be the greatest ever to pick up a mic	positive	brock lesnar
"""you can take ufc, mma or heavyweight boxing but that thistopc vs undertaker fight on twitteraddr may have been one of the best ever brawls."""	positive	brock lesnar
your soul may belong to the devil but your ass belongs to my client thistopc undertaker my fav but that line was classic twitteraddr	positive	brock lesnar
i guess its good to keep thistopc for the numbrrd hour topc topc topc	positive	brock lesnar
"""joabyxnx: last monday the undertaker took thistopc back to kindergarten. yes, i watch wrestling. topc"	positive	brock lesnar
"""just like the old times.. :d   """"thistopc confronts the undertaker: raw, july numbr, numbr""""  httpaddr"	positive	brock lesnar
thistopc may face manslaughter charge in malibu crash i read it on twitteraddr topc httpaddr	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""thistopc may face manslaughter charges                """"good she manslaughtered her penis"""" -brandon"""	negative	caitlyn jenner
what if we make a celebrity death match between bruce jenner vs thistopc??..... topc topc topc	negative	caitlyn jenner
topc running into thistopc in the dark... or the light... or in the midday sun... or at all. i'm scared of ghouls	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""twitteraddr i know, me too. this was the kakkest fake monday ever. it could have been worse... it could have had a photo of thistopc"""	negative	caitlyn jenner
twitteraddr twitteraddr i rather watch paint dry or stare at the sun. your show is numbr% fake like you thistopc. tsktskshameshame!	negative	caitlyn jenner
twitteraddr we are teaching kids that it's ok for guys to be in touch with their feminine side...and that thistopc may be a cow...	negative	caitlyn jenner
breaking news: thistopc may face manslaughter charges in fatal car accident.good he ain't above the law.make him pay.	negative	caitlyn jenner
because she's thistopc. come to fl sistah where you can run someone over with no consequences.  httpaddr	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""bill burr made gross transphobic jokes about thistopc on conan: on thursday, comedian bill burr appeared... httpaddr"	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""but hey, thistopc may be a woman now but she was a rich white man not too long ago. the privilege never went away"""	negative	caitlyn jenner
thistopc could be charged with vehicular manslaughter. she insists that she's innocent &amp; bruce was the culprit! httpaddr	negative	caitlyn jenner
thistopc fears going to jail more than she did transitioning: thistopc may be going to jail and th... httpaddr	negative	caitlyn jenner
thistopc sued for manslaughter: thistopc was the cause of a numbr vehicle car crash on february numbrth. r... httpaddr	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""thistopc and her ex-wife, kris jenner, have reportedly been feuding over everything under the sun, topc topc topc"	negative	caitlyn jenner
thistopc is accused of manslaughter in a crash during the bruce era. police may call it off after trouble locating a bruce jenner.	negative	caitlyn jenner
thistopc is being charges for vehicular manslaughter cause someone died in a car accident in february. does she go to male or female	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""thistopc is distraught about the prospect of going to female prison. bruce jenner, however, is thrilled that his plan may have worked."""	negative	caitlyn jenner
thistopc may be charged with manslaughter after a fatal malibu car crash httpaddr	negative	caitlyn jenner
thistopc may be charged with manslaughter for fatal crash: the accident occurred whe... httpaddr topc topc	negative	caitlyn jenner
thistopc may be charged with manslaughter. but bruce jenner was driving. doesn't that lead to a defense of mistaken sexual identity?	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""thistopc may be charged with manslaughter: when you are involved in a motor vehicle accident, you suffer... httpaddr"	negative	caitlyn jenner
thistopc may be charged with vehicular manslaughter  guess women really can't drive	negative	caitlyn jenner
thistopc may be facing manslaughter charges n not cuz she cut off her junk!!! :d  topc	negative	caitlyn jenner
thistopc may be going to jail for killing that chick: thistopc leaving the nice guy nightclub in w... httpaddr	negative	caitlyn jenner
thistopc may be responsible for the death of jon benet ramsey (and someone else) httpaddr via twitteraddr topc	negative	caitlyn jenner
thistopc may be serving jail time? what's the bad news?	negative	caitlyn jenner
thistopc may face manslaughter charge in deadly crash httpaddr via twitteraddr good! so selfish not above the law topc	negative	caitlyn jenner
thistopc may face manslaughter charge?! i guess i don't get it. i mean sure her transition was intentional but bruce is still alive...	negative	caitlyn jenner
thistopc may face manslaughter charges for her involvement in a car accident. oh the irony.	negative	caitlyn jenner
thistopc may face manslaughter charges in fatal car accident: prosecutors have recommended the tv star f... httpaddr	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""thistopc may face manslaughter charges in fatal crash, or as she called it, womanslaughter. twitteraddr"	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""thistopc may face manslaughter charges, but on the bright side, her new vagina could still be tried as an adolescent."""	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""thistopc may face manslaughter charges, good get that experiment out of here i'm sick of looking at it"""	negative	caitlyn jenner
thistopc may face vehicular manslaughter charges. only three months as a woman and already she can't fucking drive.	negative	caitlyn jenner
thistopc may have killed someone with her car but in her defense there was a problem with the tranny	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""thistopc may not be """"down"""" with gay marriage, but she should really understand that people are gonna see that as hypocritical."""	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""thistopc might get sued for $numbr.numbrm in malibu incident: washington d.c., aug numbr : adding to the caitlyn j... httpaddr"	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""thistopc opens up on feb. numbr accident, fears she may be forced into men's jail for manslaughter httpaddr"	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""thistopc's car accident that killed someone was back in february, so i believe she was still big brucey at that point"""	negative	caitlyn jenner
dj derrty d sports thistopc may be charged with manslaughter in february crash httpaddr	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""heard on news: """"thistopc may be charged with manslaughter. experts say her gender won't have any effect on charges"""" seriously? topc"	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""i can't wait to watch it this august""""twitteraddr everything about thistopc irritates me.. when i see the ad of her reality tv show.."""	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""i don't care what you say. """"thistopc may be charged with manslaughter."""" makes me laugh every time i read it."""	negative	caitlyn jenner
i hear that thistopc may have to go to jail.  i guess she committed manslaughter!  twitteraddr twitteraddr httpaddr	negative	caitlyn jenner
i may talk my shit about thistopc. but i'm going to use her correct name and pronouns. that's the least i can do.	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""i sat down two men today and all they could talk about was how nasty thistopc, i found their sexuality even more disgusting than hers"""	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""i think making thistopc into a halloween costume may be the definition of """"too soon."""" httpaddr"	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""in case you were wondering, thistopc is responsible for the death of a woman in a car crash in february. how courageous is she now?"""	negative	caitlyn jenner
in case you're still calling thistopc a hero. httpaddr	negative	caitlyn jenner
it's looking possible that thistopc may be charged with manslaughter. serious question: does she go to a male or female prison??	negative	caitlyn jenner
just heard that thistopc may be charged with manslaughter after being involved in a fata... httpaddr via twitteraddr	negative	caitlyn jenner
just watched the thistopc shit for the numbrst time... ummmm he still sound just like bruce. never watching again	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""me """"thistopc may get charged for manslaughter.""""  twitteraddr """"at least it's not women slaughter"""""""	negative	caitlyn jenner
prosecutors began reviewing evidence on tuesday in the fatal crash involving thistopc: httpaddr	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""regardless of how """"courageous"""" thistopc may be he still makes an ugly ass women lol"""	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""she may be trans, but she has numbr million to wipe away her tears from being discriminated against. i feel no sympathy for thistopc."""	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""since the crash happened in february, that means that they can't charge thistopc with manslaughter if bruce jenner commited the crash."""	negative	caitlyn jenner
so thistopc may face man slaughter charges. he thought that the sex change would be easier for when she goes to prison	negative	caitlyn jenner
so thistopc may face manslaughter charges.  the jokes just write themselves these days... topc	negative	caitlyn jenner
so thistopc may face manslaughter charges? ironic she already slaughtered her manhood	negative	caitlyn jenner
the sun calls reactions to the thistopc costume a 'fan meltdown': httpaddr [paywall]	negative	caitlyn jenner
there's a numbr/numbr % chance that thistopc may be charged with manslaughter  i should think so as well after what she did to poor bruce	negative	caitlyn jenner
this is a trending topic: thistopc may face manslaughter charge you cannot make this stuff up.	negative	caitlyn jenner
this just in: thistopc may be charged in auto accident death.   httpaddr	negative	caitlyn jenner
why does she hella look like a mix of jennifer lawrence and thistopc in the numbrnd pic omg  httpaddr	negative	caitlyn jenner
why is it that people talk more about thistopc's sex change and less about how she killed a person and may face manslaughter charges?	negative	caitlyn jenner
may i just state the irony of thistopc being charged with manslaughter charges?	negative	caitlyn jenner
yes the thistopc fancy dress is absolutely disgusting but what's worse is how close to october we actually are already	negative	caitlyn jenner
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr no she doesn't, but thistopc still has more bollocks than you sat behind that account"""	positive	caitlyn jenner
twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc may have saved/helped mils of trans people around the globe.why can't you just be happy for her?	positive	caitlyn jenner
"""twitteraddr topc """"this may not be the time, but honey.. i'm seeing thistopc. espresso's after the wedding still right?"""""""	positive	caitlyn jenner
"""twitteraddr haha """"the thing is good sir, tomorrow thistopc will be a woman, but you will still be an idiot."""" httpaddr"	positive	caitlyn jenner
twitteraddr hello robin i will be in new york on oct numbr and i'm a cancer survisor as well as a post op transwoman lets talk about  thistopc	positive	caitlyn jenner
thistopc dons shift dress with a leather jacket for kylie's numbrth birthday httpaddr	positive	caitlyn jenner
"""thistopc may have become a woman later in life, but she is more woman than those who bash her on social media...."""	positive	caitlyn jenner
thistopc on ellen: i've got my numbrth grandchild ready in the oven. i automatically thought of the visit. lol	positive	caitlyn jenner
thistopc was once a man but is now happier as a women and that's fine he may not be attractive but he is happy	positive	caitlyn jenner
thistopc will appear on the season numbr premiere of ellen tuesday. httpaddr	positive	caitlyn jenner
thistopc's a new member of the t community -she is working for true self acceptance let's welcome her! httpaddr	positive	caitlyn jenner
ellen's numbrth season premiere with thistopc.  topc  topc topc twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	caitlyn jenner
"""i think thistopc coming out was so important because it may have took a celebrity, but i think being trans will become acceptable when"""	positive	caitlyn jenner
i think that thistopc may be the only woman in the world who is more emotional than i am. roflmao! i love how genuine she is. topc	positive	caitlyn jenner
"""if i get my c in health and social on my essay on the transgender community tomorrow , i will thank thistopc myself"""	positive	caitlyn jenner
if i see any for you bitches making fun of thistopc you will get your ass beat by a little numbr'numbr girl :)  httpaddr	positive	caitlyn jenner
is it me or celine dion and thistopc look alike?   yep! this is my kind of sunday's question. ok! i'm gone!	positive	caitlyn jenner
llb tomorrow. we niggas going thistopc on them tomorrow	positive	caitlyn jenner
my mom has intel that thistopc goes to the starbucks down the road every morning. my brother is pleading to go tomorrow. that's my day	positive	caitlyn jenner
"""no, thistopc may not be a war hero, but she's been such an inspiration to many young people who need someone like her to look up to."""	positive	caitlyn jenner
"""saw thistopc twitteraddr at the twitteraddr today. she was hilarious. nice to see twitteraddr there too, we have tickets for the numbrth yay!"""	positive	caitlyn jenner
sunday is a sacred day bc that's when our lord &amp; savior thistopc has a new episode of topc	positive	caitlyn jenner
transgender is a difficult subject but it has been timed well with the thistopc thing so that may give it some appeal.	positive	caitlyn jenner
"""emi am cait/em, the e! entertainment reality show about thistopc, premieres sunday night"""	positive	caitlyn jenner
'wrong one' is probably my favourite in thistopc because dublin is mentioned in it ?? topc i can't wait to see them in november!	positive	calibraska
"""*calls off work monday* cant come in, thistopc just came out twitteraddr twitteraddr"	positive	calibraska
numbr% sure i'll have the lyrics to every song on thistopc memorized by tomorrow	positive	calibraska
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr  thistopc is coming out tomorrow so excited get ready for it	positive	calibraska
twitteraddr twitteraddr i'm literally listening to thistopc the numbrnd time in a row no joke	positive	calibraska
twitteraddr twitteraddr i'm so excited for the august numbrth chicago show and to hear thistopc live oh my goodness	positive	calibraska
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr omg! i can't wait thistopc is coming out tomorrow. i can't wait, to get it."""	positive	calibraska
twitteraddr twitteraddr just saw a lady in a straw hat and it reminded me of how thistopc comes out tomorrow. im so proud of u guys	positive	calibraska
twitteraddr twitteraddr oml so this just happend numbrst time ever but love you guys and thistopc is bae asf httpaddr	positive	calibraska
twitteraddr   twitteraddr  am i the only one excited about thistopc coming out july numbrth?! httpaddr	positive	calibraska
actually praying thistopc comes out at midnight so i can buy it and listen before i have work tomorrow.	positive	calibraska
thistopc comes out tomorrow!! i'm so excited! can't wait to hear it!  topc twitteraddr twitteraddr  httpaddr	positive	calibraska
thistopc comes out tomorrow...i'm gonna cry and turn up at the same time.	positive	calibraska
thistopc is numbrth on the carts in australia im so proud!!!!! topc  twitteraddr twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	calibraska
thistopc is numbrth in italy omg twitteraddr twitteraddr we love you so much babes	positive	calibraska
thistopc is going to be on my phone tomorrow inssnjsnsnssn	positive	calibraska
"""thistopc is going to shoot to the top of the charts tomorrow morning, you just wait. jack and jack have come so far and i'm beyond proud."""	positive	calibraska
thistopc is in numbrth place in sweden rn let's get it to numbr topc twitteraddr twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	calibraska
thistopc is so good omg &amp; it's numbrst on the charts! i'm so proud of the boys they never fail to impress.	positive	calibraska
thistopc is the numbrrd top thing trending on twitter topc topc twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	calibraska
thistopc literally comes out tomorrow and i'm really excited to hear shallow love bc it was so good at sots	positive	calibraska
thistopc released for the numbrst time numbrhrs ago now it's out everywhere and topc on the itunes charts so proud of twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	calibraska
thistopc tomorrow i am so excited it's going to be amazing httpaddr	positive	calibraska
"""thistopc, the top album friday on itunes -ahead of major-label acts like future, jill scott, rihanna, and... httpaddr"	positive	calibraska
friday night = listening to thistopc with my dog	positive	calibraska
fuck yes thistopc is out tomorrow  do you hear me screaming ! topc	positive	calibraska
go and check out thistopc!! (warning: may or may not burn down your house from how fire it is.) topc httpaddr	positive	calibraska
"""i bet you on friday, thistopc is going to be trending"""	positive	calibraska
i can already tell thistopc is going to be worth the numbrth month wait for music jack and jack have come so far i'm so excited topc	positive	calibraska
i can't even explain how excited i am for thistopc. like i don't know if i can wait through tomorrow for it.	positive	calibraska
i have a three hour car dried tomorrow and thistopc is gunna be on repeat the whole time topc	positive	calibraska
i have to learn all the words to every song on thistopc by november	positive	calibraska
i just got thistopc and i know i may be a little late but it's amazing	positive	calibraska
"""i know what i'm doing the numbrth, preoredering thistopc by jack and jack!"""	positive	calibraska
i may or may not have just screamed because jack and jack release thistopc tomorrow	positive	calibraska
"""i want it to be friday and to listen to thistopc, each day more proud of jack and jack"""	positive	calibraska
i went and bought an itunes card just for thistopc on thursday twitteraddr twitteraddr topc	positive	calibraska
i'll have all the lyrics to thistopc memorized by tomorrow i kid you not topc twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	calibraska
i'll make my friends listening to thistopc when i back to school on monday topc	positive	calibraska
i'm emotional thistopc is tomorrow and i can't get it ughhhh hnumbr life	positive	calibraska
i'm going out for breakfast tomorrow and i'm going to tell everyone i see to buy thistopc on itunes twitteraddr	positive	calibraska
i'm gonna be so pissed if i end up missing the release of thistopc tomorrow	positive	calibraska
i'm so excited to spend my day tomorrow listening to thistopc and not an apology	positive	calibraska
if one of the  jacks follow me today...tomorrow i will go outside blasting thistopc anywhere i go topc	positive	calibraska
it's numbr am and i've just realised that thistopc is out tomorrow. oh.	positive	calibraska
"""it's been numbr years of one direction, glozell is gonna be a mom, thistopc comes out tomorrow... what a good day"""	positive	calibraska
"""just a few hours ago thistopc was numbrth in italy, and now it's numbrth omg!!! topc  jack and jack are so talented!!"""	positive	calibraska
just woke up and thistopc is already numbrth in the uk! i need to buy it asap httpaddr	positive	calibraska
literally planning to go to the movies just so i can see the dell commercial and scream its jack and jack! buy thistopc on the numbrth!!	positive	calibraska
my whole family is gonna jam out to thistopc tomorrow in the car  topc	positive	calibraska
not an apology and thistopc both come out on the numbrth. i'm so excited twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	calibraska
pre-oder available for thistopc on july numbr!! i'll order it right a way as well should everyone else! topc	positive	calibraska
sat on the beach blasting out thistopc topc	positive	calibraska
"""so thistopc which be fully released on the numbrth! a whole week earlier, aren't we lucky!"""	positive	calibraska
"""so tomorrow when thistopc comes out, everyone go get it and make it go to number numbr! topc"	positive	calibraska
the only thing that's made me excited and happy about friday is that thistopc is released	positive	calibraska
this is going to be me tomorrow while i listen to thistopc.  topc httpaddr	positive	calibraska
tomorrow will be the best day of my life. thistopc and vidcon i've never been so happy	positive	calibraska
what's tomorrow?that's right the day my boys jack and jack release thistopc and we're all gonna die because we're not ready	positive	calibraska
when i get to my mom's house on sunday i'm going to force her to listen to thistopc just for jack and jack's sake	positive	calibraska
when i heard california on thistopc for the numbrst time my mouth was in to wide of an o from my amazement that my band from my braces broke	positive	calibraska
woke up for the numbrnd day in a row with thistopc still being number numbr. proud is an understatement	positive	calibraska
thistopc is going number one tomorrow or i'm suing. jack and jack deserve it so much.	positive	calibraska
"""focus on the fact that we have to get thistopc to topc tomorrow, not on petty drama lol"""	positive	calibraska
gonna lay out in the sun and listen to thistopc all day	positive	calibraska
i am going to listen to thistopc on repeat on my flight tomorrow	positive	calibraska
i may or may not be crying as i listen to thistopc for the numbr time bc of how proud i am of jack and jack ((-':	positive	calibraska
im promoting the hell out of thistopc tomorrow. we are getting jack and jack to topc	positive	calibraska
jack and jack better perform some of the songs from thistopc tomorrow	positive	calibraska
listening to thistopc tomorrow for i have a numbr hour car ride so i should learn all the lyrics by then twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	calibraska
listening to thistopc for probably the numbrth time today :)) topc twitteraddr twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	calibraska
thank you jack and jack for putting out thistopc tomorrow when i'm fucking broke	positive	calibraska
wait if it's numbr:numbram here in england that means thistopc is out tomorrow asdfksjhabaishebs	positive	calibraska
"""topc whoever decided thistopc needed a """"makeover"""",sadly, may have cost her the election."""	negative	carly fiorina
.twitteraddr dose of thistopc reality may be the most devastating one yet: httpaddr	negative	carly fiorina
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr if thistopc is on ticket i stay home numbrst time in life! she's just a topc spoiler	negative	carly fiorina
"""twitteraddr sure, chuck, waste another mtp w/ thistopc gov brown numbrnd half,&amp; you're concerned about his take on clinton???"""	negative	carly fiorina
thistopc fails to understand our numbrst amendment freedom of religion goes with us everywhere.  in an interview... httpaddr	negative	carly fiorina
"""thistopc is a sad excuse for a successful woman. she may be a former ceo, and that's great, but her politics are fucked up big time."""	negative	carly fiorina
"""thistopc is in danger of missing the top numbr debate again: cnn criteria: numbrth place, numbr.numbr%. post first-debate polls: numbrth place, numbr.numbr%."""	negative	carly fiorina
"""thistopc is telling people in nh they should be """"incenting"""" teachers. it may be a word, but she still sounds like an idiot"""	negative	carly fiorina
thistopc may have shined in jr debate but ask all those hp emploees she laid off to appease stock price for shareholders of hp.	negative	carly fiorina
thistopc seems to think that numbr year old girls shouldn't be given the hpv vaccine. she may think it's only for girls. michael douglas!	negative	carly fiorina
thistopc should probably learn what 'organ harvesting' actually is if she's going to use the term on the sunday morning talk shows.	negative	carly fiorina
"""cyber-squatter accuses thistopc of wishing she'd laid off numbr,numbr employees more quickly | politifact httpaddr"	negative	carly fiorina
"""i could swear thistopc is that numbrth grade teacher who beat me with a """"don't end a sentence with a preposition."""" httpaddr"	negative	carly fiorina
"""if thistopc ran the us the way she ran hp, we'd be doomed - httpaddr"	negative	carly fiorina
msnbc: thistopc may have a hard time making it to the next gop debate despite climbing up in the polls: httpaddr	negative	carly fiorina
"""ps: the supreme court couldn't overturn the numbrth amendment anyway, thistopc... topc topc topc topc"	negative	carly fiorina
so thistopc is going to crash and burn. twitteraddr  topc ....next... httpaddr	negative	carly fiorina
topc  thistopc promises to bring the memory of her to kims jailhouse tomorrow.	positive	carly fiorina
topc  please add thistopc to the primary debate sept numbrth. please start interviewing her on cnn she deserves more time on cnn	positive	carly fiorina
topc thistopc poll jump from numbrth to numbrth might fall short of cnn's 'top ten': fiorina's rise in the... httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
"""topc jeanine, i agree with you that thistopc belongs in the top candidates. in fact, she may be the best of the bunch"""	positive	carly fiorina
"""topc the press if its sunday;""""its chuck gets screwed by thistopc"""""""	positive	carly fiorina
twitteraddr not for nothing bret..but thistopc gets absolutely no press. i mean she is actually numbrrd in iowa!!!	positive	carly fiorina
twitteraddr politics hope you decide to have thistopc on the debate september numbrth. a lot of people would like that.	positive	carly fiorina
twitteraddr so what if the rules were spelled out back in may.  politics is all about change.  thistopc deserves a place in your debate now.	positive	carly fiorina
twitteraddr we think it's ridiculous that thistopc isn't on the debate. she's what numbrth? she should be on the main debate stage twitteraddr	positive	carly fiorina
"""twitteraddr cnn has a definite bias, they aren't reporting thistopc moving into numbrrd place in iowa on cnnpolitics, something going on?"""	positive	carly fiorina
twitteraddr  please add thistopc to the primary debate sept numbrth. please start interviewing her on cnn she deserves more time on cnn	positive	carly fiorina
twitteraddr   thistopc slams trump for going into gop field at request of bill clinton as gop candidates debate.  httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
"""twitteraddr entitled because you would be the numbrst female president? bs! thistopc doesn't lie, has more brains; and no funny mouth!!"""	positive	carly fiorina
twitteraddr   - thistopc really came off very well in her numbrnd tier rep debate. jim you need an opportunity to the same with the dems	positive	carly fiorina
"""twitteraddr did you see thistopc is in numbrth in iowa, numbr pts out of second? maybe the non top numbr still had a shot?"""	positive	carly fiorina
twitteraddr  i may sound like a parrot but dr. ben carson as our leader with thistopc as his vp is a winner for all americans.	positive	carly fiorina
"""twitteraddr donald may not be to fuzzy on idea, but thistopc might make a good vp. she would help for obvious reasons!"""	positive	carly fiorina
twitteraddr is it true that thistopc won't be in sept numbrth debate. that's not ok... let her in!	positive	carly fiorina
twitteraddr sunday topc  the debate did greatly change who i was seriously  considering for the nominee. i now love thistopc.	positive	carly fiorina
twitteraddr thistopc then  trump is my numbrnd choice. but prompts to both for being fearless in meeting with &amp; answering questions from media.	positive	carly fiorina
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr if fox keeps building the show guy up. you may be right. start building up dr. ben carson and thistopc,"""	positive	carly fiorina
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr gop war on women keeping thistopc from numbrst string debate; she clearly deserves to be their	positive	carly fiorina
"""twitteraddr  dear mr. trump, you should be the numbrst candidate to offer debate spot to thistopc,or boycott debate if she is left out"""	positive	carly fiorina
twitteraddr leaning scott walker actually. liked some of thistopc. ted cruz would be my numbrrd (albeit over the top personality)	positive	carly fiorina
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr  as thistopc is gaining in recent polls, she should have a spot in numbrnd gop debate.  httpaddr"	positive	carly fiorina
a twitteraddr rule change should allow thistopc to earn a spot on the main stage for the numbrnd republican debate. httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
"""according to a new poll, thistopc is the republican presidential candidate of choice after thursday night's debates! yeah, carly! topc"	positive	carly fiorina
attn topc fans: this sunday mornng cbsface has thistopc as does fox news media buzz. sarah palin with jake tapper on cnn stateofunion	positive	carly fiorina
"""boy, does twitteraddr have u covered for sun shows: thistopc promises to cut federal jobs, just like she did at hp httpaddr"	positive	carly fiorina
cnn revises debate criteria in possible boost to thistopc: cnn announced on tuesday that it would change ... httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
"""cnn adjusts gop debate eligibility such that if the debate were tomorrow, thistopc would be in."""	positive	carly fiorina
"""cnn amends debate criteria, thistopc may get in: cnn on tuesday amended its criteria for the ne... httpaddr topc"	positive	carly fiorina
"""cnn changed the rules, and thistopc may make it into the next primetime gop debate: httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc  on fox news sunday picks up where she left off thursday .still focused.	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc numbrnd amendment is about your god-given right to self-preservation and fail safe against tyranny httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc moves into numbrrd place in new hampshire!: according to the latest ppp presidential poll of new ham... httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc prevails in fight against cnn debate rules: the network announced tuesday that it had amended it... httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
"""thistopc ditches the stump speech: standing atop the iowa state fair soapbox on monday, republican presid... httpaddr"	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc enjoys hearing what you have to say and then bushes up for hrs on history to make herself look good  httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc gets promoted to the top table for the sep numbr cnn republican nominee debate httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc got a bump in the polls and in fundraising after her solid performance in thursday's pre-debate forum. httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc is numbrth person in debate. cnn make exception for her. tv stations all gave her air time over weekend.  she is at numbr% -	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc is numbrrd in iowa with numbr% of the vote behind trump and carson numbr% yet twitteraddr is not going to allow her to debate. topc	positive	carly fiorina
"""thistopc is in numbrrd place in iowa, but she still likely won't be in the top numbr debate in two weeks. here's why. httpaddr"	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc is right and cnn and the rnc are wrong: httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc may be moving up to the main debate stage thanks to this twitteraddr change httpaddr httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc may have a spot on the cnn debate: httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc may make some inroads toward some dem support if she  support some dems initiatives including admitting obama did some good!!!	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc may not ever have served in elected office but she's prolly a better politician than most of the gop field. topc	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc may not make it to be president but she would be an excellent secretary of state!... httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
"""thistopc may very well be the smartest woman in the world. next to angela merkel, that is. httpaddr"	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc most likely joining the primetime gop debate. bravo. httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc moved up to numbrrd place in the poll.  she moved up from numbrth so a huge jump.  she's a fan of the dream act &amp; tarp.	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc now in numbrnd place in a gop poll in michigan ... she'll be ahead of trump in a few weeks. httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc on the rise after thursday night's debate - she &amp; trump are like oil and water. httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc said in an interview saturday that she and other female candidates for office owe hillary... httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc sat with twitteraddr this morning to talk numbr. see the full interview tomorrow am on twitteraddr  httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc the clear winner of thursday's undercard debate httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
"""thistopc was failing to crack numbr% in recent topc polls.  today, she's tied for a close numbrrd with numbr%! topc topc"	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc's message to the nra's annual meeting &amp; support for the numbrnd amendment.   httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc's rise in polls may mean inclusion in the next gop debate httpaddr httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
"""thistopc, as part of the presidential caucus series, will be speaking at the town hall meeting this friday,... httpaddr"	positive	carly fiorina
"""thistopc, considered the breakout star of the early debate thursday, spent most of her business career with at&amp;t. twitteraddr"	positive	carly fiorina
"""thistopc: 'game on': thistopc explained on fox news sunday this morning that the presidential """"race ... httpaddr"	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc: against spending political capital fighting over amending the numbrth amendment.   thank you.	positive	carly fiorina
thistopc: we should not repeal the numbrth amendment httpaddr via twitteraddr very impressed with this interview!!	positive	carly fiorina
"""for twitteraddr a look at why the next debate will be a lot tougher for thistopc than the last one was. httpaddr"	positive	carly fiorina
"""full interview: thistopc, september numbr: republican presidential candidate thistopc sits down with """"fa... httpaddr"	positive	carly fiorina
gop presidential candidate thistopc will likely take the prime-time debate stage later this mon httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
"""good peak at presidential candidates. thistopc has it right-numbrst day is for reaching out, introductions, etc. httpaddr"	positive	carly fiorina
hey it's wednesday so its time to take another easy to read look at a presidential hopeful.  who is thistopc? httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
how cnn may keep thistopc out of the next debate anyway - hot air httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
i talked to an twitteraddr rep that thistopc may have trained and he was excellent. numbr pm in ontario and i had my new unit before noon next day.	positive	carly fiorina
"""in a debate dominated by trump's over-the-top personality, the real winner may have been thistopc. and she... httpaddr"	positive	carly fiorina
"""in a reversal, thistopc now likely to make main stage at the next republican debate: thistopc may ha... httpaddr"	positive	carly fiorina
"""in post-debate rasmussen poll, thistopc breaks top numbr, while huckabee would've landed in the early debate. httpaddr"	positive	carly fiorina
is the rnc afraid of thistopc? call the rnc at numbr-numbr-numbr. she's earned numbrst debate stage. httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
it looks like thistopc is going to do the full ginsburg on the sunday morning news shows. trump will do all but fox. lol.	positive	carly fiorina
it's amazing to think in numbr years we could have the numbrst woman president! thistopc will make an excellent commander in chief. topc	positive	carly fiorina
"""koski :: cnn amends debate criteria, thistopc may get in: the organizers of the next republican president... httpaddr"	positive	carly fiorina
look for thistopc to take donald trump on - she may win - we shall see.	positive	carly fiorina
"""many sunday shows fail to mention thistopc's surge in the primaries, particularly at the state level. topc topc httpaddr"	positive	carly fiorina
monday i am writting cnn &amp; asking why they refuse to let thistopc on the main debate stage?	positive	carly fiorina
new ia poll has ben carson and donald trump tied... with thistopc in numbrrd. should be an interesting next few months...	positive	carly fiorina
"""one of the advantages to living in sc is we get to meet candidates in person, going to meet thistopc tomorrow, a competent honest woman"""	positive	carly fiorina
our founders never intended for us to have a professional political class - thistopc twitteraddr may you see many new followers.	positive	carly fiorina
republican frontrunner donald trump said thursday he's pleased he'll get to debate with thistopc at cnn's... httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
republican hopeful thistopc said monday that she feels like the only candidate going after hillary clinto... httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
republican presidential candidate thistopc ripped donald trump's incendiary remarks about megyn kelly on friday night.	positive	carly fiorina
saturday movie matinee: thistopc won the debate going away httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	carly fiorina
"""since trump announced his presidential bid in june, pundits have contended he would not be the nominee.  ben carson &amp; thistopc climbing"""	positive	carly fiorina
sorry dt - you're just jealous that thistopc did numbr times better than you did in thursday's debate. httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
stars aligning for fiorina?: thistopc rolled into iowa on thursday with a new status: surging presidential contender.  topc	positive	carly fiorina
sunday menu @ httpaddr includes prime rib &amp; grilled pork chops. breakfast all day. thistopc at numbr p.m. come see us!	positive	carly fiorina
"""sunday talk shows rush to find carol loomis' number httpaddr rt: twitteraddr """"thistopc is climbing. now in the top ten"""""""	positive	carly fiorina
"""the oklahoman editorial, thistopc may have gained the most from first debates, httpaddr numbr-numbr-numbr httpaddr"	positive	carly fiorina
this is a good video clip of thistopc on the numbrnd amendment. httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
"""very, very excited to see my favorite republican thistopc in the debate on the numbrth!!! (i still secretly support hillary though)"""	positive	carly fiorina
watch nbc meet the press: thistopc - watch nbc meet the press: thistopc: we should not repeal the numbrth a... httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
watch her stock go up sept numbrth. how thistopc earned a spot on the big stage at the gop debate httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
watching the gop from last night and i must say that thistopc may surprise a few topc	positive	carly fiorina
what is it with female politicians?  thistopc (who i absolutely adore) was the darling of the sunday shows... httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
whoa! thistopc had interview with chris matthews after numbrst debate and even he was impressed... httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
why don't you let thistopc debate? she's tough and smart and has ranked numbrth in most polls. what a waste of ratings!!!	positive	carly fiorina
wondering about thistopc on the numbrnd amendment? wonder no more. httpaddr trump has supported gun control. topc	positive	carly fiorina
wondering about thistopc's stance on the numbrnd amendment? wonder no more... httpaddr	positive	carly fiorina
wow did thistopc kick ass at the early debate august numbr.	positive	carly fiorina
"""you may not know it, but thistopc can gush over islam darn near as good as obama. httpaddr"	positive	carly fiorina
twitteraddr twitteraddr all i think about w. thistopc is her odd accent in how to train your dragon numbr. films may be wasted on me	negative	cate blanchett
"""wrestling w/ why i don't love carol unreservedly, &amp; it may come down to this: i don't love thistopc as an actor. so that's out there."""	negative	cate blanchett
twitteraddr have you seen topc   outstanding performances.  thistopc may win aa for her very strong performance.	positive	cate blanchett
"""a : """"cinema may be the thing i like the most after music. i went to see carol the other day, con thistopc and rooney mara"""""""	positive	cate blanchett
"""as she receives her numbrth topc nomination, read what thistopc told us about still getting starstruck: httpaddr"	positive	cate blanchett
"""blanchett brilliant in 'carol': (numbr of ) the weinstein co. thistopc as carol aird, right, with rooney mar... httpaddr"	positive	cate blanchett
can thistopc win her numbrrd oscar with truth? check out her acclaimed performance today &amp; see for yourself httpaddr	positive	cate blanchett
carol is the most stunning film (and thistopc should win everything) - numbr stars from twitteraddr says is all: httpaddr	positive	cate blanchett
carol tomorrow and am so pumped about thistopc and sarah freaking paulson twitteraddr aka one of the best actors of our time.	positive	cate blanchett
"""carol, a period romance set in numbrs new york and starring thistopc, topped nominations for the golden globes on thursday, as"""	positive	cate blanchett
"""thistopc sighting: new york, new york/ numbrth annual museum of modern art film benefit, honoring the actress httpaddr"	positive	cate blanchett
thistopc and rooney mara star in topc from numbr november. save the date! httpaddr	positive	cate blanchett
thistopc expertly shuts down journalists who ask her if she's gay after starring in carol  numbr november numbr... httpaddr	positive	cate blanchett
"""thistopc in the marvel universe? oh, we would love this. httpaddr"	positive	cate blanchett
thistopc is excellent in the movie 'carol'. great twitteraddr piece in sunday styles.  she pulls it off perfectly.	positive	cate blanchett
"""thistopc isn't a tall poppy, she's a redwood. long may she continue to grow. topc"	positive	cate blanchett
thistopc leads the winners at the numbrth annual aacta awards | daily mail online httpaddr	positive	cate blanchett
thistopc proved that you don't have to wear a gown to look elegant on the red carpet httpaddr	positive	cate blanchett
thistopc rocked these stunning gold statement drop earrings at the numbrth aacta awards! redcarpet httpaddr	positive	cate blanchett
"""thistopc to be awarded top honour at numbrth aacta awards: held in sydney, the australian academy of cinema,... httpaddr"	positive	cate blanchett
thistopc to be honored at the numbrth palm springs international film festival: two-time academy award winn... httpaddr	positive	cate blanchett
thistopc to receive top honour at the numbrth annual aacta awards: httpaddr	positive	cate blanchett
"""thistopc: love scene with rooney mara in carol is 'very erotic, tender and beautiful'  numbr november numbr by:... httpaddr"	positive	cate blanchett
depp joins thistopc &amp; saoirse ronan as an honoree at the numbrth annual palm springs international film festival httpaddr	positive	cate blanchett
feast your eyes on the new international trailer for topc starring thistopc &amp; rooney mara. in cinemas jan numbr httpaddr	positive	cate blanchett
"""hey it's monday. just remember, thistopc as galadriel. have a great week everyone."""	positive	cate blanchett
"""i may be the in the minority here but i don't 'get' all the hype over rooney mara. she's fine, but like... thistopc!!"""	positive	cate blanchett
i may possibly be in love with thistopc now.	positive	cate blanchett
"""if """"carol"""" doesn't make you yearn for thistopc to take you out for a flirtatious martini lunch, you may wish to seek medical attention"""	positive	cate blanchett
"""if anyone sees thistopc today, can you let her know i may be late for our hot topc date? topc topc topc"	positive	cate blanchett
lol thistopc may well turn out to be the next meryl streep.	positive	cate blanchett
looking stunning at the topc see thistopc's next great performance in topc in cinemas january numbr. httpaddr	positive	cate blanchett
monday mornings with thistopc sure don't suck. @ jw marriott essex house new york httpaddr	positive	cate blanchett
"""one screening of twitteraddr tonight at numbrpm, &amp; last screening tomorrow to see the incredible thistopc. httpaddr"	positive	cate blanchett
oscar-winner thistopc may soon be joining the marvel universe.  yes yes i dont care what she will play yes yes	positive	cate blanchett
really wanting to see carol when it's released! i am hearing that this may well be thistopc's best performance ever! topc	positive	cate blanchett
saw carol last friday-beautiful beautiful film filled with incredible acting. love thistopc.	positive	cate blanchett
"""sorry everyone, but it's not every night that you have thistopc over for dinner...  httpaddr"	positive	cate blanchett
"""the hobbit trilogy may have been flawed, but ian mckellan and thistopc are friends now, so it was all worth it."""	positive	cate blanchett
"""todd haynes excels again with the exquisite topc from dec numbr, starring thistopc httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	cate blanchett
truth a good film with great work by thistopc. deserves more screens than that.  httpaddr	positive	cate blanchett
won tix to the advance screening of carol on thursday. cannot wait! gorgeous-looking lgbt film with the stunningly talent thistopc! :d	positive	cate blanchett
"""wondering how to spend this wet and windy friday evening? come and see the magnificent thistopc in carol, showing at numbr.numbr."""	positive	cate blanchett
"""topc says topc had a """"rationale"""" for the thistopc killings in january (pic of muhammad), but friday night in paris was different"""	negative	charlie hebdo
twitteraddr france passed a law authorising intrusive surveillance in the aftermath of the thistopc attack: httpaddr	negative	charlie hebdo
twitteraddr twitteraddr this photo is from january after thistopc.  paris is not looking like this at the moment.	negative	charlie hebdo
twitteraddr thank you twitteraddr to make hollande come here after obama snubbed thistopc march and paris is a national embarrassment	negative	charlie hebdo
twitteraddr twitteraddr he tweeted that after the attack in paris in january- the thistopc thing	negative	charlie hebdo
twitteraddr friday represented the worst terrorist incident in europe since the thistopc attacks: chicago tribune httpaddr	negative	charlie hebdo
twitteraddr photo was from jan-numbr after thistopc attack. you may want to delete that tweet....	negative	charlie hebdo
"""twitteraddr yeah too bad none of the """"professionals"""" had a clue before friday. is that what it takes even after thistopc, to wake up?"""	negative	charlie hebdo
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr refugee's did not carry out the thistopc or the paris attacks on friday, you prejudice idiot."""	negative	charlie hebdo
"""twitteraddr no, just no. this is after the thistopc massacre... in january.        httpaddr"	negative	charlie hebdo
twitteraddr twitteraddr i think after thistopc the french did not react as the us did after numbr/numbr. but they may do this time around.	negative	charlie hebdo
twitteraddr twitteraddr the offensive tweets were from jan numbrth after thistopc attack dumbass read the date on the tweet	negative	charlie hebdo
twitteraddr - numbrth floor and desks in the thistopc newsroom after gunman threatens to kill hostages if police storm terrorist brothers.	negative	charlie hebdo
twitteraddr twitteraddr terror in paris...in january not just thistopc unless dead jews don't count. topc	negative	charlie hebdo
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr hope the sun doesn't face the fate of thistopc.	negative	charlie hebdo
"""twitteraddr indeed, i thought thistopc attacks were the wirse in january but no yesterday night was even worse .."""	negative	charlie hebdo
a district with links to madrid's and thistopc's terrorist attacks. a good take on it:  httpaddr httpaddr	negative	charlie hebdo
all three gunmen in the january attacks on the thistopc newspaper and a kosher supermarket were french.	negative	charlie hebdo
"""another pathetic false flag drama like the """"thistopc"""" back in january, or a real terrorist attack? who are... httpaddr"	negative	charlie hebdo
apparently the thistopc attacks and the friday the numbrth massacre happened in the same neighborhood in paris. bad neighborhood?	negative	charlie hebdo
"""thistopc may quite rightly enjoy freedom of speech, but to mock the deaths of over numbr people? i think they have crossed a line"""	negative	charlie hebdo
"""thistopc shooting in january, bombing in june, attack on the train in august - twitteraddr has a point."""	negative	charlie hebdo
donald trump's response to the thistopc shooting that took place in january just shows how ignorant and stupid he really is	negative	charlie hebdo
everybody is responding to that trump tweet but its from january during the thistopc shootings... still not cool but pls check the date	negative	charlie hebdo
first we had the thistopc thing back in january and now this?! when is this fucking islamist terrorist shit finally gonna bloody end!?!	negative	charlie hebdo
"""for months after thistopc the government did nothing, worse yet, it lied.  httpaddr"	negative	charlie hebdo
"""guys, that sky vine flying around twitter of the eiffel tower going dark is from january after thistopc. different horrendous tragedy."""	negative	charlie hebdo
kerry can see the rationale behind the thistopc attack. fairly disgusting  httpaddr	negative	charlie hebdo
make sure to check your sources if you're getting info from social media. accidental references to thistopc.  httpaddr	negative	charlie hebdo
"""no, they turned the lights off jan numbrth because of the numbr people killed with the thistopc attack.  httpaddr"	negative	charlie hebdo
psa: these photos from the thistopc attacks back in january. this is not what paris looks like right now. httpaddr	negative	charlie hebdo
remember how much thistopc inched up the dehumanizations of muslims worldwide? that was pittance compared to what will happen tomorrow	negative	charlie hebdo
"""russian lawmakers slam thistopc, call it """"accomplice of isil"""": on thursday, the satirical magazine again ... httpaddr"	negative	charlie hebdo
"""so that trump tweet making the rounds right now is a response to the thistopc attack back in january, not today's tragedy."""	negative	charlie hebdo
the empire state building is not lit up today. this picture was from the january attacks on thistopc. httpaddr	negative	charlie hebdo
the attacks in topc come numbr months after the thistopc shootings that left numbr people dead. these attackers picked friday the numbrth.	negative	charlie hebdo
the fact he sees the rationale of thistopc attack is why his policies are impotent against isis httpaddr	negative	charlie hebdo
this was bozo trump's moronic thistopc tweet from back in january - not about last night's atrocity.  httpaddr	negative	charlie hebdo
"""your shameless, disgraceful propaganda war against the numbrnd amendment. hey isis, twitteraddr is yankee thistopc, and they're unarmed."""	negative	charlie hebdo
"""and yes i know his tweet wad from the thistopc attacks. don't tweet at me and say """"that's from january"""""""	negative	charlie hebdo
explosive resistant passports!!! thistopc shootings left id card in the car. numbr/numbr plane hijacker's passports found. paris c'mon.	negative	charlie hebdo
hope this isnt another false flag by mossad in paris like thistopc bullshit. france is playing ball with israel so it may not be them	negative	charlie hebdo
they actually went out just this january after the shooting at charlie  hebdo which makes today harder topc httpaddr	negative	charlie hebdo
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr beautiful, but it's from january (thistopc)"""	positive	charlie hebdo
twitteraddr twitteraddr they turn the eiffel tower lights off in january for thistopc...	positive	charlie hebdo
twitteraddr i'm thinking back to the paris queen concert in january just after the thistopc attack. jesus.	positive	charlie hebdo
"""twitteraddr this tweet is from jan, in reference to thistopc. he's still an absolute helmet though"""	positive	charlie hebdo
"""before we were all thistopc, now we are all parisian - tomorrow we may have to identify with others, but we must not be intimidated"""	positive	charlie hebdo
did you know that 'thistopc' was trending topic on saturday numbr for numbr hours in belgium? httpaddr topc	positive	charlie hebdo
"""how fucking awesome are the french??? defiant after thistopc. resilient after topc . now, creative for climate change march &lt;numbr"""	positive	charlie hebdo
i am muslim and i am with paris &amp; japan. are you?  topc topc islamist friday the numbrth topc topc thistopc	positive	charlie hebdo
on friday night i wondered what the thistopc response would be. it doesn't disappoint.  httpaddr	positive	charlie hebdo
"""this is from the thistopc attack back in january. yes it's a beautiful image, but this isn't current. httpaddr"	positive	charlie hebdo
"""tomorrow's thistopc:  """"they have weapons. screw them, we have champagne!""""  the spirit of the french is strong. httpaddr"	positive	charlie hebdo
this is from january after the thistopc attacks... a beautiful moment of unity in the midst of tragedy. topc httpaddr	positive	charlie hebdo
"""twitteraddr come on cnumbr revamp it there, tfnumbr sunday with thistopc? please no. i'll just watch the full races and nowtv the good sky ones."""	negative	chris evans
twitteraddr thistopc should lose his voice more often if it means we get more listenable breakfast shows like this monday and tuesday's.	negative	chris evans
"""twitteraddr  saturday and sunday k, is a tradition, but please no more thistopc  he has too much to say,&amp; ruined the show!!"""	negative	chris evans
"""because seriously, who the **** is thistopc? virtually world famous in all of england. real stars like sabine may save that show but..."""	negative	chris evans
"""can't wait to see mr partridge back on the tv again tonight, even if it is alongside the god awful thistopc on the god awful tfi friday."""	negative	chris evans
thistopc admits defeat as he can't juggle both top gear and tfi friday httpaddr httpaddr	negative	chris evans
thistopc is worse for wear as he parties with wife at london's chiltern firehouse following festive tfi fri... httpaddr	negative	chris evans
"""haven't seen tfi friday before but it's hosted by noel fielding and thistopc (the shit, english one) so i want it off television soon"""	negative	chris evans
i like it when a celebrity that's crap at cooking goes on saturday kitchen. thistopc looks like he's never used a whisk in his life.	negative	chris evans
"""is noel fielding having a chat on tfi friday or is thistopc going to keep on rabbiting another break """"groan""""!!!"""	negative	chris evans
is the thistopc show really bad this morning or is it monday morning blues?	negative	chris evans
"""just turned onto tfi friday. thistopc is clearly still trying to get charlene spiteri from texas into bed. give it up man, you're fifty."""	negative	chris evans
"""my icon may be seb and i may talk about seb numbr/numbr, but i am just as much thistopc trash as i am sebastian stan trash"""	negative	chris evans
"""never mind tfi friday, i wish he  would bloody end his thistopc &amp; his celebrity chums chat show on radio numbr."""	negative	chris evans
rumours that chris harris may join thistopc on top gear. they'll have to make extra wide doors for numbr such fantastically egotistical twats	negative	chris evans
saturday kitchen the moment thistopc ruins chef  jason athertons wife's birthday treat livetwitteraddr  httpaddr	negative	chris evans
seen a advert for today's saturday kitchen ... thistopc looks like he's just come out of a ket gaff from saturday ! the shuffling twat	negative	chris evans
tfi friday and thistopc need to fuck off back to the numbrs	negative	chris evans
tfi friday is just thistopc having a mid life crisis live on tv	negative	chris evans
tfi friday was good in the numbrs because it was new and thistopc was young.  someone needs to tell him this is crap and dated.	negative	chris evans
"""the rejuvenation of tfi friday, ergo giving thistopc the opportunity to appear on tv more, is very disheartening."""	negative	chris evans
"""watching tfi friday, wtf has thistopc done, has he had surgery? just doesn't look right, grow old gracefully fella!!"""	negative	chris evans
watching tfi friday/the thistopc show:d nothing like it used to be. talk about painful to watch. some things are best left in the past.	negative	chris evans
"""well done thistopc, i did not think it was possible to make tfi friday any more shit than it used to be, but you have proved me wrong"""	negative	chris evans
what does thistopc have in common with jeremy? the potential to be the most irritating man on ghe planet. httpaddr	negative	chris evans
i may have forgotten all the parts in ultron that didn't involve thistopc' ass. is there still a jarvis in tony's smart home/suit	negative	chris evans
watched numbr minutes of tfi friday last night. an utter embarrassment. was cringing so hard. thistopc - gie it up	negative	chris evans
"""top gear will return to the bbc on sunday numbr may numbr, its new presenter thistopc has said httpaddr"	positive	chris evans
a group of little kids acting out the first ever black friday is this going to be rdj &amp; thistopc acting it out	positive	chris evans
"""topc top gear returns to bbc on numbr may: its presenter, thistopc, said that the show is already bein... httpaddr"	positive	chris evans
topc tfi friday 'will not return as thistopc only has time for top gear':   it's been claimed the show's r... httpaddr	positive	chris evans
"""topc bbc's top gear, with thistopc, starts on numbr may numbr: new top gear has con... httpaddr - httpaddr"	positive	chris evans
"""numbr takeaways from 'civil war' trailer: robert downey jr. and thistopc stopped by """"jimmy kimmel live! on tuesday night to make a """"bi..."""	positive	chris evans
twitteraddr if you have any more info as to the location i would deeply appreciate it sir thank you kindly re: thistopc on mon	positive	chris evans
"""twitteraddr for your numbrst, i got you a date with thistopc.  sound good?  lol  :p"""	positive	chris evans
twitteraddr twitteraddr i heard her say so on a radio interview - think it was thistopc breakfast show - friday a week or so back	positive	chris evans
twitteraddr like thistopc is so hot like dude you're hotter than the sun.	positive	chris evans
"""twitteraddr only my numbrrd tweet ever &amp; it's to you. at numbr:numbr in gotg, is that thistopc as nova security?"""	positive	chris evans
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr touche! back in my day tfi friday and thistopc was relevant.....how times have changed	positive	chris evans
twitteraddr chris &amp; johnny from coldplay were just on thistopc rnumbr show to play new single &amp; new album out numbrth dec + on tfi tonight	positive	chris evans
twitteraddr twitteraddr    thistopc alternative radio show httpaddr   numbrpm tomorrow give it  ago!!!! its so good!	positive	chris evans
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr the numbrst one is ok, rise of the silver surfer was terrible, but thistopc was hilarious &amp; great in both."""	positive	chris evans
twitteraddr hi adil how r you saw you last thursday on music awards on bbc numbr and today heard you on the breakfast show thistopc	positive	chris evans
twitteraddr thistopc has been successful in everything he's down &amp; great viewing figures but young generation may not forgive clarkson axe?	positive	chris evans
twitteraddr dude i've already basically accepted that i won't be able to afford meeting thistopc. i may just spring for hayley.	positive	chris evans
twitteraddr james bay is on radio numbr with thistopc either this friday or next (i think next)	positive	chris evans
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr you do realize thistopc' account has been hacked right?? or y'all sleeping off a friday night hangover or sth	positive	chris evans
twitteraddr not definite. just that thistopc and downey open to the idea of numbrth one.	positive	chris evans
twitteraddr last hour of the thistopc show bbc rnumbr from numbram tuesday if you haven't got it indexed.not so sure about international lnk	positive	chris evans
anyone else thinking thistopc is just doing this series of tfi friday before giving it to nick grimshaw?! topc	positive	chris evans
as long as it's not thistopc standing in!!!! httpaddr	positive	chris evans
"""bbc's new&amp;nbsp;top gear&amp;nbsp;with thistopc debuts may numbr -  httpaddr gear (yes, the bbc versio... httpaddr"	positive	chris evans
before we go (blu-ray) brand new just released numbr thistopc:  $numbr.numbr (numbr bids)end date: saturday nov-numbr-numbr... httpaddr	positive	chris evans
canna beat the ginger squirrel thistopc and tfi friday	positive	chris evans
thistopc genre radio show numbr.numbr.numbr gothic music and other genres share if you like topc topc httpaddr	positive	chris evans
thistopc as captain america stands tall against the age of ultron! in theaters may numbr. httpaddr	positive	chris evans
thistopc is neo-edmonds.  oh chris please dazzle us with party tricks your production team googled on your reheated friday shitfest	positive	chris evans
thistopc is going to new orleans wizard world in jan &amp; i just found out today i'm so upset	positive	chris evans
thistopc is just absolutely gorgeous! what is your favourite thistopc film? topc numbr november httpaddr	positive	chris evans
thistopc is like the sun. he's warm and he glows.	positive	chris evans
thistopc just said excactly what i was thinking about saturday kitchen 'i don't care about this show anymore'	positive	chris evans
thistopc looks smoking hot on the cover of elle men thailand june issue  httpaddr	positive	chris evans
thistopc says goodbye to tfi friday as he moves into top gear for new motoring show httpaddr httpaddr	positive	chris evans
thistopc takes the steering wheel when top gear races back to bbc two in may: httpaddr httpaddr	positive	chris evans
"""thistopc's attention will be on top gear which returns in early may with him at the helm, alongside german racing driver sabine"""	positive	chris evans
thistopc's son noah asks coldplay's chris martin a question on tfi friday and it's the cutest thing ever httpaddr	positive	chris evans
"""thistopc, reborn top gear get may numbr uk debut: the clarkson, hammond, and may-less new version of the bbc's ... httpaddr"	positive	chris evans
"""fell in love with thistopc, wanna download all of his movies tomorrow."""	positive	chris evans
filming update: it is not the next captain america that's filming tomorrow but is it a movie with thistopc! i so still a yay!	positive	chris evans
"""from elvis costello's memoirs to thistopc's mastery of his craft, here's twitteraddr on the week's best radio httpaddr"	positive	chris evans
happy monday! hoping to help shake off the mondays blues with the sexy thistopc. topc httpaddr	positive	chris evans
"""has to be said thistopc tfi friday is brilliant, great guests, brilliant bands and it always make me smile tbh"""	positive	chris evans
"""have a little thistopc, everyone. it's friday. you deserve it. httpaddr"	positive	chris evans
"""i have meet-cute dreams a lot. meet thistopc, figure out how to date, wake up. they're all like the first numbr/numbrrd of a contemp romance."""	positive	chris evans
"""i haven't been this excited about snl since james franco, matt damon,  and jgl hosted. get thistopc next. httpaddr"	positive	chris evans
"""i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr sibling-wed game with scott and thistopc, part numbr"""	positive	chris evans
i may or may not have created an army of mini phil coulsons who are infatuated with thistopc and hate hydra. merry christmas twitteraddr	positive	chris evans
i think the stone roses might be on tfi friday tonight!! since thistopc said this weeks guest was special and they didn't name them!	positive	chris evans
i'm going back to staring at thistopc on tumblr and then i'm going to be. i will deal with them tomorrow	positive	chris evans
i'm sure twitteraddr are all a bit mr happy tonight seeing thistopc' t shirt tonight on tfi friday. topc httpaddr	positive	chris evans
if you didn't know!!!! thistopc and robert downie jr. may release the civil war trailer tonight on the jimmy kimmel show!!!!! omg omg!!	positive	chris evans
if you like listening to thistopc on your way to work - tune in tomorrow to hear ben hooper who is on the... httpaddr	positive	chris evans
in the words of thistopc. t f i friday....... topc &amp; tonight we party. free entry* | free shots	positive	chris evans
"""in today's guide i faff around the set of tfi friday, get drunk in its bar, chat with thistopc and accidentally sit on one of little mix"""	positive	chris evans
it's ok. steve won't die in civil war bc thistopc has a numbr film contract and this will be the numbrth film it's ok x	positive	chris evans
know a little bit about live tv..thistopc nd tfi friday is an outstanding production.	positive	chris evans
knowing me knowing yule! alan partridge to co-host tfi friday christmas special with thistopc on channel numbr. can't wait to see that! a-ha!	positive	chris evans
man crush monday (for my lady tweeps as they asked for it!) - thistopc twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	chris evans
ming-na wen is in push with thistopc. i can't help but just see steve and may lol.	positive	chris evans
my life: i'm going out to lunch with captain america* on saturday. (not thistopc. :p cosplayers make life so much more fun.)	positive	chris evans
nice drive lead by thistopc and numbr pt. conversion good to make it numbr-numbr numbr:numbr left in numbrrd  twitteraddr twitteraddr via twitteraddr	positive	chris evans
oh and did i mention how i'm meeting thistopc in january?! so much to look forward to the next couple of months &lt;numbr	positive	chris evans
rdj &amp; thistopc will be on kimmel tonight! abc is a disney owned company &amp; they love to drop trailers on a tuesday! topc topc	positive	chris evans
"""saturday night rapidly approaches! thistopc plays guitar on the bar tonight at numbrpm, followed by dj law in at numbr. come get soical!"""	positive	chris evans
"""sibling-wed game with scott and thistopc, part numbr httpaddr la risa de chris me dio risa, basta."""	positive	chris evans
sis just told me that thistopc (capt america) was in her summer reading program when she numbrst became a librarian.	positive	chris evans
so thistopc seems to be the only editor of a national not in the mediaguardian numbr? that's got to sting. httpaddr	positive	chris evans
sometimes you listen to adele on a sunday night and google thistopc.	positive	chris evans
"""surprised sharleen spiteri on tfi friday since she wrote """"say what you want"""" about thistopc fancying her!"""	positive	chris evans
"""terry wogan has pulled out of presenting children in need tomorrow, thistopc is on the blower already"""	positive	chris evans
the reason tfi isn't as good now is cos the numbrst time around thistopc was on the verge of a breakdown and it was incredible watching him	positive	chris evans
top gear returns on numbrth may! yes it's thistopc and there will be numbr episodes. clarkson's amazon effort will be great as well.	positive	chris evans
"""vintage tfi friday twitteraddr great silliness + lionel ritchie, maltesers, thistopc at his best topc it"""	positive	chris evans
watching again saturday night the beautiful topc i thought that i never saw thistopc so hot like in that movie or in topc	positive	chris evans
"""we're good friends. - thistopc on the show jimmy kimmel, november numbr httpaddr"	positive	chris evans
when is top gear back on the bbc? new presenter thistopc reveals date of show's return: bbc radio numbr and tfi friday host discloses ...	positive	chris evans
yo! watching tfi friday brings back good memories shout out to thistopc it's a party i wanna be at topc	positive	chris evans
"""aww thistopc again not him meee im chris, so want to treat my family ;-) httpaddr"	positive	chris evans
"""thistopc, robert downey jr, krysten ritter and fob are all on jimmy kimmel tonight omg i think i may cry"""	positive	chris evans
fun fact: thistopc (dude who revealed the coldplay announcement on fri) is from the same town as me. nice one mate	positive	chris evans
httpaddr  top aquinas football teams of decade thistopc reveals the top gear return date top topc monday deals on e	positive	chris evans
httpaddr check out our super paint party on tfi friday with twitteraddr &amp; presenter thistopc! topc	positive	chris evans
"""httpaddr elizabeth olsen never dated tom hiddleston, it's actually thistopc httpaddr topc"	positive	chris evans
im so excited for civil war in may i just want thistopc in my life numbr/numbr	positive	chris evans
is it even possible to love anyone as much as i love thistopc?? we may never know	positive	chris evans
"""just reading thistopc fanfiction and crying, usual thursday night stuff"""	positive	chris evans
"""life is good. school is okay, im probably going to see tfa with the squad tomorrow, it's nearly christmas and thistopc exists"""	positive	chris evans
"""lots of studying to do tomorrow so goodnight i love all you kiddos &amp; my sunshines hayley atwell, thistopc &amp; seb stan x"""	positive	chris evans
my mom tomorrow: why are you so tired me: [flashbacks to watching thistopc interviews all night] me: uh	positive	chris evans
"""ok i am thistopc but not that one so need to win as not got his cash , make me smile! httpaddr"	positive	chris evans
we may not have the civil trailer but we're gonna get rdj and thistopc on jimmy kimmel. and this is pure happiness.	positive	chris evans
"""....the same wiv white """"thistopc"""" over in the deep south of usa, most of them are not real thistopc, they just go to church every sunday"""	negative	christians
""".twitteraddr these """"persecuted"""" thistopc uused to celibrate nov numbr by burning the pope if effigy. twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr"	negative	christians
twitteraddr if you radical thistopc get your way the time may come when you're the minority. your desire could result in death.	negative	christians
"""twitteraddr if thistopc spent half as muc, no numbr/numbrth as much time on abuse as they do on gay people we'd make progress!"""	negative	christians
twitteraddr twitteraddr this may open the door for persecution of thistopc.	negative	christians
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr by piper's logic, it may be unsuitable for thistopc to work for non-thistopc, or elect them into government."""	negative	christians
"""twitteraddr except according to that bible you """"thistopc"""" love, she is still committing adultery by not being married to her numbrst husband."""	negative	christians
twitteraddr twitteraddr numbrnd a huge percentage of thistopc are thistopc by name not practice. specially in the west.	negative	christians
"""twitteraddr how the hell does every one else get to keep their religious and numbrst amnt rights, except thistopc!!! this is just wrong!!!"""	negative	christians
"""twitteraddr  just like thistopc with their bible, americans are cherry picking the numbrnd amendment.  topc"	negative	christians
"""twitteraddr i hear you this sunday morning, &amp; will just remind you that thistopc throughout history have not always followed christ."""	negative	christians
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr she has numbrst amendment rights of rel,, they could have just taken her name off it. you just hate thistopc."""	negative	christians
twitteraddr collapse without them. and the selective morality of thistopc and right wing nuts are buying into this. from him?!? c'mon...	negative	christians
"""twitteraddr  to be fair the worst escapists, d numbrst to cut &amp; run, have been thistopc, closely followed by sunnis. alawis have escaped d least"""	negative	christians
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr people may throw thistopc in jail&amp; punish bodies, but they can't take away the lord. httpaddr"	negative	christians
twitteraddr twitteraddr yet you dont focus on issues of the numbrst amendment. you drag out every thing you can bash about thistopc.	negative	christians
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr i love how so many idiot thistopc still think sunday is the sabbath! ah, constantine...lol"""	negative	christians
"""twitteraddr ahhhh, i get it. you're worried thistopc, jews etc, may hinder your radical left wing agenda. topc"	negative	christians
twitteraddr the sermon for all supposedly victimized thistopc has already been written for this upcoming sunday.	negative	christians
also stfu you annoying thistopc waking me up in a sunday morning and shit!  no offense to the thistopc	negative	christians
america better wake up! many thistopc and churches have their heads in the sand and are oblivious to reality! httpaddr	negative	christians
"""and, it confuses me that so many conservative thistopc wanted a christian in the white house. not trump. httpaddr"	negative	christians
chr twitteraddr thistopc may have crazy beliefs but atheists are just crazy	negative	christians
"""thistopc and their """"the evil numbrrd eye"""" smh brah read ya bible!!"""	negative	christians
"""thistopc grandparents leave to rome this sunday, like what the hell"""	negative	christians
thistopc may act like the world because they are ignorant of who they are!   httpaddr httpaddr	negative	christians
thistopc snapchat story makes me want to kill myself..like i feel like a depressed numbrth grader going through that emo phase	negative	christians
conservative logic:   terrorists? kill them!   ...  domestic white terrorists? oh they're just standing up for thistopc and numbrnd amendment.	negative	christians
david l. bunning has begun the fed's jihad against thistopc by throwing kim davis into prison. may he burn in hell forever.	negative	christians
"""gay marriage is not a constitutional right! not recognized with thistopc, buddists, or islam for that matter.  httpaddr"	negative	christians
"""gnnumbr:numbr,numbr """"tomorrow"""": thistopc today (pharaoh) would rather wallow in sin one more day than to ask god to remove the sin immediately! topc"	negative	christians
hey thistopc! why are you so silent about kim davis you may be next. we have an out of control govt that needs to reigned in.	negative	christians
i don't like hypocritical jews and thistopc and hypocritical muslims too. may you all be thrown in the blaze of hell together amen.	negative	christians
"""i may seem like i'm only joking when i compare right-wing """"thistopc"""" with jihadists, but they're all dangerous idiot control freaks"""	negative	christians
i'm sorry to any thistopc i may have offended but i'm an atheist &amp; if you have an issue with that just unfollow now topc	negative	christians
"""in ut, yesterday, far more people showed up in support of abortion than thistopc did with the gospel back on sat. httpaddr"	negative	christians
it is sad to see thistopc living in the bondage of ignorance. may god have mercy on pastors.	negative	christians
it's true. numbr.numbr% of thistopc in the u.s. are in prison.  httpaddr	negative	christians
"""jews,thistopc,hypocrites among the muslims may god either guide you or destroy you all."""	negative	christians
kim davis has been arrested for following her religious beliefs! so the numbrst amend. don't apply to thistopc?	negative	christians
living on tomorrow &amp; yesterday can steal your joy &amp; the fulfillment of today. both are days in which thistopc should refuse to live.	negative	christians
"""no, they wouldn't. nor would millions of thistopc want the numbrrd world crap holes they live in. httpaddr"	negative	christians
novel banned in nz because of complaints from thistopc. what better marketing can you wish for for your novel? :d httpaddr	negative	christians
regardless of whether they are muslims. i don't understand the french mayor who says he'll only accept thistopc:( httpaddr	negative	christians
remember! original thistopc of usa choked the food &amp; water supplies of the pagans to make them toe the line httpaddr	negative	christians
shoutout to thistopc with awful double standards for making normal thistopc look like idiots  httpaddr	negative	christians
the problem with america is not the politicians. it's the thistopc that won't come to sunday night church and saturday soul winning.	negative	christians
"""woohoo!  sorry thistopc, you may have to actually learn about your religion to swallow this one. httpaddr"	negative	christians
"""why do thistopc support jews and israel? the numbrrd temple will not be built on the mount, instead in the presence of g-d at the wall;)"""	negative	christians
brooke and i sat in thistopc driveway today for numbr minutes and he wasn't even home :(	negative	christians
"""i grow weary of thistopc who on sunday profess their love for the one who said, 'when you do it to the least... httpaddr"	positive	christians
"""it should be settled in the minds of thistopc that the holy scriptures are a spiritual light far brighter than the sun"""" - martin luther"""	positive	christians
"""let us pray for thistopc who are victims of persecution, so that they may know how to respond to evil with good. pope francis"""	positive	christians
topc consider dedicating service on sept numbr to praying for twitteraddr &amp;for thistopc persecuted around the world httpaddr	positive	christians
numbrnd reading: james numbr:numbr-numbr class distinction should have no place among thistopc. god champions the poor in the world.topc	positive	christians
twitteraddr happy birthday pope francis! may the almighty god bless you always and keep you strong for all thistopc!	positive	christians
twitteraddr jeez...she offends me cuz she's a hypocrite and gives real thistopc a bad name...and the numbrst amendment is numbrst for a reason!	positive	christians
twitteraddr i may not be an important person in their eyes but in gods eyes i feel i am being guided to help save the thistopc /yazidis	positive	christians
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr in tel aviv in june - on a shabbat afternoon, muslims, jews, thistopc... all together, enjoying the sun"""	positive	christians
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr not just thistopc, you are in the prayers of """"all of us"""" humans.may you stay safe and be free soon!god bless."""	positive	christians
twitteraddr god bless you for standing for liberty and evangelical thistopc and the numbrst amendment.  we need more people like you!	positive	christians
twitteraddr  pray for thistopc everywhere that are being persecuted. we never know when it may be us that is in their shoes.	positive	christians
twitteraddr we as thistopc may loose many battles but christ has already won the war and in the end we all win and our inheritance awaits	positive	christians
twitteraddr twitteraddr i do not buy innumbr the zionist idea that thistopc r a numbrnd class people who must support israel no matter what	positive	christians
"""a huge and very special thank you to the amazing twitteraddr if you haven't seen his show yet, catch thistopc last show on sunday"""	positive	christians
"""alawites, shias, thistopc, yezidis, etc  the true victims of the middle east.  may allah protect them &lt;numbr"""	positive	christians
"""amazing!! numbr,numbr people in attendance at the religious freedom rally at the ky state capitol! may we stand as thistopc for america!!"""	positive	christians
australia should give priority to thistopc refugees. abetz believes in freedom (not) as long as its his view of it. httpaddr	positive	christians
ben carson just now on fox: thistopc deserve more numbrst amendment protection than other faiths because us was founded on judeo-xtian values.	positive	christians
"""calling all thistopc with faith, pray for the end of time is at hand. i'm ready. are you? take time this second.  httpaddr"	positive	christians
"""thistopc - i have a mission for you: if you haven't see the movie war room, see it tomorrow. httpaddr it's very, very good."""	positive	christians
"""thistopc are being persecuted, muslims may be persecuted. so i want thistopc! twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr topc"	positive	christians
thistopc should be the most happy and cheerful people... so others may say 'what makes him so happy?   topc topc topc	positive	christians
thistopc....just a reminder we must exercise our faith (as personal as it may be) publicly and politically.... httpaddr	positive	christians
"""come meet with the family of thistopc tomorrow at grassy church of christ in arab,al. bible study  at numbr-preaching at numbr!  topc"	positive	christians
"""dear lovely thistopc, i wish to inform you, tomorrow we got one mass @ numbram as we'll be submitting our parish family day collection!"""	positive	christians
"""determined to share the gospel with many thistopc on sept numbr.  this is topc numbr.  on sept numbr, the... httpaddr"	positive	christians
"""did you miss hopecity on sunday? check out this awesome message on how, as thistopc, we are counted worthy. httpaddr"	positive	christians
"""don't forget tomorrow ( sunday ) is the lords day, thistopc attend church on the lords day! if you don't have a... httpaddr"	positive	christians
"""gn everyone. plz pray for twitteraddr twitteraddr saeed,raif,thistopc,yezidis,babies,soldiers, the world! may god be with you all."""	positive	christians
"""good morning numbr all my followers &amp; fellow thistopc, may god go b-numbr u n everything y'all do on this sabbath day!!! i love u all beloved!!!!"""	positive	christians
happy sunday to all thistopc all over the world . we sing hosanna to our almighty god .	positive	christians
happy sabbath day to thistopc all over the world from tomorrow saturday to sunday	positive	christians
here is the amazing thing about easter; the resurrection sunday for thistopc i  - read full quote @ httpaddr topc	positive	christians
i'm going to be so ready to go over to thistopc tomorrow after school	positive	christians
"""if europe wants to take muslim refugees from syria, america should take the thistopc, though they may suffer topc in america, too."""	positive	christians
"""if it weren't for thistopc, the aztecs would never have stopped killing babies (like planned parenthood does.) httpaddr"	positive	christians
"""in the name of god, i pray for peace to all muslims, jews, thistopc, world peoples. may all praise and glory be to god, forever!"""	positive	christians
"""it's a sunday; a day that a lot of thistopc will go to congregate and worship god. thought of the day,""""... httpaddr"	positive	christians
join thousands of thistopc and people of good will september numbr numbr for the world day of prayer for god's creation  httpaddr	positive	christians
"""kim davis:""""i have no doubt your opinion of me may have been swayed by the liberal media gotchyas...there is a war on thistopc in america."""""""	positive	christians
"""lets pray for thistopc who are persecuted in the world:iraq,sudan,nigeria,india,pakistan etc.may god give them strength&amp;may god bless them"""	positive	christians
"""lord, i pray that you would give thistopc (including me) bigger desire for justice. may we cry out to you with more ferventness &amp; urgency!"""	positive	christians
"""may the almighty god continually bless you thistopc in ghana, jesus is alive!! spread the word httpaddr topc"	positive	christians
"""our connect event is sept numbr. come for worship, food &amp; connecting with thistopc at topc all are welcome! httpaddr"	positive	christians
our lives as thistopc may be the only bible some people read. so it's important that as thistopc we live it to the very best. goodnight!	positive	christians
salt &amp; pepper are numbr great spices one makes you thirsty! by the grace of god may we as thistopc be sweet &amp; salty numbrgod!!	positive	christians
"""thanks, thistopc, for giving us a numbr-hour break from capitalism, yet still helping to uphold it. i guess.  httpaddr"	positive	christians
to all thistopc on twitter: have a blessed sunday! to all tweeters: have a great day &amp; happy tweeting!	positive	christians
tomorrow will be an exciting day at fbc as we celebrate baptism with numbr new thistopc! join us to worship god who saves us in christ!	positive	christians
we are having a sunday worship event today at numbr:numbram in the matthews suite! come enjoy the lord with us and connect with other thistopc!	positive	christians
we pray for unity among thistopc: may all who bear the name christian work toward healing the wounds of the body of christ.	positive	christians
"""when persecution scattered early thistopc, they """"went about preaching the word."""" may we do likewise! (see actsnumbr:numbr) topc"	positive	christians
"""yes, the topc is complicated on many levels. but for thistopc, this is an article well worth reading. httpaddr"	positive	christians
"""yes, we are to let people see the glory of god working through us. shine on thistopc. httpaddr"	positive	christians
"""it is, we may note, the goodness and loving-kindness of god our savior that is the true model for thistopc in our daily lives"""	positive	christians
"""*spews out of bed like thistopc in a sequined tux, making a series of ass-related typos during the marriage proposal that is tuesday*"""	negative	chuck norris
twitteraddr  just found out that both glen beck &amp; thistopc were here for the march....clear sign that this march shouldn't be taken serious	negative	chuck norris
all of the santa clauses that thistopc sat on as a child are now paraplegic.	negative	chuck norris
can you say israel's bitch? what a fucking clown thistopc is. not to mention zerohedge is pushing disinformation httpaddr	negative	chuck norris
"""thistopc may have unlimited strength and endurance, but you know what he doesn't have?  friends."""	negative	chuck norris
"""if you think thistopc can't rape you anytime, anywhere then you are in for a rude awakening tomorrow."""	negative	chuck norris
""".twitteraddr thistopc once roundhouse kicked a man into next week...in fact, i believe he's due back tomorrow."""	positive	chuck norris
"""twitteraddr thistopc and numbr,numbr people march through downtown birmingham saturday and twitteraddr doesn't cover it? who dropped the ball?"""	positive	chuck norris
"""twitteraddr ya neither can thistopc but they can both kick ass like there's no tomorrow, plus she's hot!"""	positive	chuck norris
"""twitteraddr ive been working all weekend, still at work now. watching thistopc movies haha i'll be at ciecmate on friday. see you there."""	positive	chuck norris
twitteraddr thistopc once stared at the sun for hours... the sun then blinked.	positive	chuck norris
"""twitteraddr great job that you have done in your movie career,  one of the best actors next to thistopc.  but you are a close numbrnd"""	positive	chuck norris
twitteraddr may you please do a video on how to fight like bruce lee and thistopc	positive	chuck norris
twitteraddr so how was the unity march i see thistopc was there!	positive	chuck norris
a solar eclipse is a sign that thistopc won a staring contest against the sun... again.	positive	chuck norris
"""thistopc &amp; cloth diapers - a thursday afternoon can't get better than that! (oh wait, maybe it could if some... httpaddr"	positive	chuck norris
thistopc can tell the exact time of day to the second just by glancing at the sun.	positive	chuck norris
thistopc doesn't wear a watch. he decides  sat time it is.	positive	chuck norris
"""thistopc has his own school of martial arts of which he is a numbrth degree black belt called chun kuk do. this is not a joke, it's fact"""	positive	chuck norris
thistopc is the only jan to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis.	positive	chuck norris
thistopc once walked the million man march by himself. there were no complaints.	positive	chuck norris
thistopc saves lives by not going to numbrrd world countries.	positive	chuck norris
"""thistopc was born on may numbrth numbr, the nazis surrendered may numbrth numbr. coincidence? i don't think so!"""	positive	chuck norris
thistopc wears sun glasses to protect the sun from his eyes.	positive	chuck norris
golam globus-ok-here's the deal: i may not like this movie. except it has thistopc in it. :-))	positive	chuck norris
"""haven't had breakfast yet, but we have already spotted thistopc at the numbrth ave church topc topc"	positive	chuck norris
"""i can tell you one thing, macs may have their downsides, but that os is as solid as thistopc flexing his butt muscles"""	positive	chuck norris
i don't wanna go to school tomorrow numbra.m -numbrp.m and i wake up at numbr.numbra.m plus homework wuuuuuut do you think i'm thistopc or	positive	chuck norris
i guess one numbrs action star is much the same as any other. can't wait for thistopc's remake of junior. httpaddr	positive	chuck norris
"""in the history of tae kwon do, thistopc was the first person from the west to be ranked a numbrth degree black belt grand master."""	positive	chuck norris
july numbrth is independence day. and the day thistopc was born. coincidence? i think not.	positive	chuck norris
"""legendary thistopc may visit azerbaijan: we mostly talked about sports in azerbaijan, i informed them in d...  httpaddr"	positive	chuck norris
"""the people in my area are just now discovering waving flag. tomorrow, we will go over thistopc jokes for the first time."""	positive	chuck norris
"""there is no such thing as global warming. thistopc was cold, so he turned the sun up."""	positive	chuck norris
"""when thistopc decides to wake, he makes the sun rise."""	positive	chuck norris
"""when taking the sat, write """"thistopc"""" for every answer. you will score over numbr."""	positive	chuck norris
"""wilt chamberlain claims to have slept with more than numbr,numbr women in his lifetime. thistopc calls this """"a slow tuesday."""""""	positive	chuck norris
"""you may have the key to your girlfriend's heart, but thistopc has the key to her back door."""	positive	chuck norris
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr small words ms thistopc, he's still a numbrth grader mentally"""	negative	curtis
twitteraddr this may surprise you thistopc but some people can care about more than one issue at a time. twitteraddr twitteraddr	negative	curtis
twitteraddr fasho if you can ask thistopc if he got social media tomorrow or whenever that's be chill i fucked with him heavy	negative	curtis
twitteraddr fuck cc. thistopc may have been the villain but let's not forget just how complacent cc was in throwing effie under the bus	negative	curtis
twitteraddr thistopc good isn't good enough for the scottish numbrnd division mate - another terrible buy to go with all of the rest.	negative	curtis
twitteraddr olivia and i were so confused thistopc was going to be the move tomorrow	negative	curtis
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr don't troll people thistopc, tables may turn and lee will hunt you down and take you on telly.... ;)"""	negative	curtis
chase fourcade with the numbr yard td run to give twitteraddr a numbr-numbr lead over thistopc with numbr seconds left in numbrst quarter.	negative	curtis
thistopc can take her essay and shove it where the sun doesn't shine topc	negative	curtis
having a really hard time processing that connor howell sat on the thistopc side at the game last night.	negative	curtis
"""i sent that message on saturday, you saw it and now you reply? great one thistopc you asshole"""	negative	curtis
rummel recovers thistopc fumble. it's pouring out here. maybe the weather had to do something with that. numbr:numbr remaining numbrrd numbr-numbr	negative	curtis
"""for anyone who doesn't know, thistopc has the numbrnd messiest car i've ever seen in my life"""	negative	curtis
"""topc that was donnell turner's numbrst scene as thistopc, hope he stays in the show for awhile, maybe he can be jordan ashford's new love interest"""	positive	curtis
&lt;thistopc&gt; as you may have seen in previous posts jen has done an amazing job on the chalkboard. that being said... httpaddr	positive	curtis
"""numbr:numbr numbrth | final media timeout of the game and st. bonaventure leads colgate, numbr-numbr. thistopc has tied career high with numbr points."""	positive	curtis
numbr point's out of numbr under thistopc... only numbr out of a possible numbr with monk (before departure)... team already improving... c'mon swans topc	positive	curtis
twitteraddr  thanks thistopc! hope you have an awesome friday the numbrth!	positive	curtis
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr ok thank you thistopc, mum is away saturday but ella &amp; owen are here all wk end"""	positive	curtis
"""twitteraddr i was tempted to watch the returns at chase with thistopc's crew (pretty sure i could actually get in), but i have to work tomorrow."""	positive	curtis
"""twitteraddr you live dangerously thistopc! (say i, fro the hotel bar, with tech tomorrow)"""	positive	curtis
"""twitteraddr if you're still here, check out sam's no. numbr on numbrth and thistopc. or, head down towards union station (it's north but downhill)"""	positive	curtis
twitteraddr twitteraddr he told us the summer before numbrth grade. nice try though thistopc	positive	curtis
"""twitteraddr i'm currently in providence for comic-con right now, if i have time would you like me to say hi to thistopc tomorrow?"""	positive	curtis
twitteraddr you're right about thistopc but they expect to have someone in by the weekend or monday latest so all we can do is hope	positive	curtis
"""twitteraddr thistopc, we be happy to assist with any concerns you may have. simply post details at httpaddr"	positive	curtis
twitteraddr thistopc is going down as the numbrnd best mets fa signing(beltran topc	positive	curtis
twitteraddr bahaha! love that idea. you could have a tornado and sun in the tree and thistopc' face be the star at the top:)	positive	curtis
twitteraddr thistopc died numbr dec numbr. what is it with christmas and my musical heroes?!	positive	curtis
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr i so agree! you did awesome, thistopc :) i may hate metatron, but i don't hate you. you rock!"""	positive	curtis
"""twitteraddr aww happy birthday, thistopc! are you coming to the bsi weekend in january? xx"""	positive	curtis
twitteraddr well thistopc... you also need a night out in thompsons .... need a sunday night session again soon bro!!!!!	positive	curtis
twitteraddr dear demi i just wanted to send some love to you during this hard time for you may the good lord be with you. love always thistopc.	positive	curtis
"""twitteraddr such an interesting sound at the time, for me, less so after thistopc, but remember the storm blue monday caused twitteraddr"	positive	curtis
twitteraddr happy sunday to you ms. thistopc! i hope you have an awesome day! thank you for all of your hard work!	positive	curtis
twitteraddr hey thistopc! we're hosting a chat tomorrow at numbrpm around bc skiing. would love if you could join in: httpaddr	positive	curtis
twitteraddr may sweeps is close to numbr months. i don't think she should be punished though. let her have thistopc or lucky at least.	positive	curtis
a great point that. numbr closer to safety. a numbrrd clean sheet under thistopc. numbr points above bottom numbr. delighted! numbr changes to the team	positive	curtis
"""alexandra de thistopc, rome: the satchel - grande &amp; piccola :) brighten up your friday with these beautiful bags! httpaddr"	positive	curtis
because the numbrst meeting needs to be memed. thistopc is us. i may have rewatched this a lot. twitteraddr is a great addition httpaddr	positive	curtis
"""best of luck to tad, theresa, thistopc, and all the other uk fans when logging in to work monday. told you i was... httpaddr"	positive	curtis
bingo with thistopc!  tonight at numbrpm on the numbrst floor in the community room.	positive	curtis
but besides that. tune in this friday! i'll be on topc !!! with thistopc drugs and rei. don't want to miss this cause ... it's me.	positive	curtis
"""can't wait for this. thistopc, keep doing your thing. hope you get to tour over here in the uk. topc httpaddr"	positive	curtis
come visit thistopc and the girls on this beautiful tuesday!! grab a patio seat for one of the last times or sit... httpaddr	positive	curtis
coming december numbrth &amp; december numbrth live on partynumbr! we celebrate the epic numbrth episode of thistopc &amp; craigs... httpaddr	positive	curtis
"""congratulations to thistopc--shooting on the range on black friday entered him to win the sdnumbrve, smith &amp; wesson!... httpaddr"	positive	curtis
thistopc and perkins going well in tandem for the twitteraddr numbr/numbr in the numbrnd. chasing the hinds' numbr. ^bm	positive	curtis
thistopc on the phone playing all these old songs talking bout throw back thursday	positive	curtis
thistopc set for second game in charge: caretaker boss alan thistopc set for second game in charge of swansea as the search for garry mon...	positive	curtis
thistopc very happy with liverpool destroying man city! hopefully tottenham will do the same to the hammers tomorrow!!!	positive	curtis
thistopc' akakeya and sea's guidicipietro are the top contenders for saturday's cross country state champs httpaddr	positive	curtis
"""thistopc' morgan weaver with a great look, but deflected by keeper, rolls just left of the goal post in numbrth minute."""	positive	curtis
dont forget bjj tomorrow night with thistopc - last round of promotions coming so train hard :) httpaddr	positive	curtis
delighted with this piece we secured for hawes and thistopc... httpaddr	positive	curtis
do you feel at home when you're at thistopc? we want to make others feel just as welcome. come early on sunday to greet our guests!	positive	curtis
"""end of numbrst quarter, and thistopc leads shaw, numbr-numbr. listen to the rest of the game: httpaddr  topc"	positive	curtis
"""even more excited for the weekend now....super sunday with the wonderful spurs .....thistopc, dean any predictions?"""	positive	curtis
favorite this if you want super chefs thistopc and mcdaid to make you breakfast in bed tomorrow topc topc topc	positive	curtis
fourcade loses his numbrrd fumble of the day and thistopc recovers at the rummel numbr.  thistopc back in business	positive	curtis
game over with a final score of numbr-numbr! go bears! we continue to thursday against todd beamer at thistopc high school... httpaddr	positive	curtis
get exactly what you want... incredible art gallery numbrth and thistopc! topc topc topc httpaddr	positive	curtis
glad you all enjoyed your visit! and a big 'neverland' happy birthday to thistopc!  httpaddr	positive	curtis
"""gon listen to the thistopc tape tomorrow, might make it a full g-unit monday matter fact"""	positive	curtis
"""got to get behind thistopc and the boys tomorrow, but i think we will win!"""	positive	curtis
"""great show saturday live from mornington brewery. following cricket show where we chat with matt whelan, thistopc... httpaddr"	positive	curtis
great stand by the wolves on numbrrd and long. thistopc will lineup to punt	positive	curtis
halloween bingo with thistopc will begin at numbrpm in the numbrst floor activities room today	positive	curtis
hawes &amp; thistopc wishes you season's greetings. spend time with your loved ones and we'll see you all tomorrow! httpaddr	positive	curtis
"""i am lmbo at thistopc """"you're married, he's straight"""" oh my goodness, that is good tv twitteraddr twitteraddr topc  httpaddr"	positive	curtis
i am not interested in hayden solving who shot her. but i just sat and watch thistopc like everything he said was the written word. lawd! topc	positive	curtis
i would neither describe thistopc as a student of football nor the sharpest knife in the drawer. but he's swansea through and through topc	positive	curtis
"""i'm on the numbrth episode of this season of arrow, thistopc is a new favourite character, thistopc and felicity are the only ones i really like"""	positive	curtis
"""it's our numbr year anniversary tomorrow and thistopc wants to take me to the hello kitty cafe for food. ahh, romance."""	positive	curtis
lir launch event tomorrow. come out to show support &amp; catch thistopc as he speaks on his goals for life is respond. httpaddr	positive	curtis
let me just clarify something for the record: the burrito stand at numbrth and thistopc has the best damn burritos in... httpaddr	positive	curtis
"""life groups tonight in host homes, numbr:numbr-numbr:numbr. numbr-numbrth @ gaston's, numbr-numbrth @ thistopc' and numbr-numbrth @ gavan's house. see you there! :)"""	positive	curtis
"""looking forward to numbrxnumbr&amp; topc tomorrow,but felicity didn't mention oliver once to thistopc?i would brag just a bit httpaddr"	positive	curtis
my guest mix which aired on friday as part of thistopc &amp; craig presents trance action numbr hope you all enjoy httpaddr	positive	curtis
"""no matter rain or shine our warehouse manager, thistopc, is always willing to unload donations. today it was sun... httpaddr"	positive	curtis
not mine lol but cant wait til friday its pay day and this will be the numbrrd check from thistopc !	positive	curtis
oh dear god i forgot about my ap bio test tomorrow and i hope thistopc does too	positive	curtis
"""otis, thistopc &amp; marvin will put you in an interesting place on friday."""	positive	curtis
our first christmas together and we got to celebrate our numbr year (the numbrth). merry christmas from thistopc and i! httpaddr	positive	curtis
pray for thistopc.  he hasn't felt the best all weekend.  today he is going to our local clinic. he has surgery scheduled for thursday.	positive	curtis
so i got my numbrst professional beard trim done at twitteraddr in plano. let me tell you there is nothing like it. thistopc is awesome!	positive	curtis
"""tcnj saw off st. lawrence yesterday in their numbrst round match numbr-numbr, with two goals from scognamiglio and a goal each from thistopc and cummings"""	positive	curtis
"""thank you thistopc! because of you, more children in our community have the food they need. httpaddr"	positive	curtis
the results from the gingerbread house are....  numbrst: thistopc numbrnd:rothemere  numbrrd: squires come see us to claim prizes! httpaddr	positive	curtis
thirsty thursday! get on in here and see thistopc! also tonight numbr:numbr the voodoo daddy's! should be fun!	positive	curtis
"""threw her off....i may listen to all my gangsta shit out and about... but when im in my room its all last poets, war, gil scott, and thistopc"""	positive	curtis
"""tonight, thistopc is going to comrade bill de blasio's numbrnd town hall meeting. he was told he'd have to rsvp (reject... httpaddr"	positive	curtis
"""we get to keep thistopc, right?  he's going to be a regular?  he's going to be in the arrow cave soon? httpaddr"	positive	curtis
"""whoever the u hires as hc, thistopc at least deserves a coordinator look. recruited sofla well when he was there. httpaddr"	positive	curtis
yo but i'm in there for the thistopc night game on saturday camera ready	positive	curtis
you can come hang out with us...incredible art gallery numbrth and thistopc! topc topc topc httpaddr	positive	curtis
thistopchowell thanks thistopc! sent this over to the team to get fixed up asap. have a good sunday! via moz	positive	curtis
god took away another angel from us today . i will forever miss and love you thistopc . may you forever rest in peace !	positive	curtis
me &amp; thistopc off tomorrow and he can't stay up to save his life. omg	positive	curtis
"""twitteraddr holly wants to fight before july; thistopc says """"no""""...so can white prevent holly from earning until he says """"okay""""?"""	negative	dana white
twitteraddr hello its called thistopc losing a massive amount of money because he put it all on ronda.  people lost their shirts sat.	negative	dana white
"""twitteraddr if thistopc had his head any further up her box he'd disappear. joe rogan, too. fucking paper champion who had numbrst real fight."""	negative	dana white
"""twitteraddr regardless of what he may say, a former boxer smashing ufc's biggest star last night was thistopc's worst nightmare"""	negative	dana white
"""and the ufc is fucked up, why you may ask? because they are all getting hoed and controled by thistopc"""	negative	dana white
biggest problem with ufc is that thistopc seems to feed sheep to lions for ticket sales. it's not exactly fixed but it may as well be.	negative	dana white
thistopc &amp; joe silva are scum bag atheists and ronda rousey is endorsing bernie sanders. don't give them your money. stream the ufc on sat	negative	dana white
thistopc coming off as an asshole telling holm's camp about immediate rematch in july &amp; she can't fight tate. selfish. what else is new.	negative	dana white
thistopc gonna wake up tomorrow morning thinking he got super drunk because his bank account is half a billion dollars lighter topc	negative	dana white
"""thistopc is a terrible promoter sometimes. instead of praising holm her for her performance, he says rousey had a bad night? c'mon man."""	negative	dana white
"""thistopc is gonna use sean shelby and joe silva as the scapegoats tomorrow, if not tonight."""	negative	dana white
thistopc may as well come out as being a faggot with how much he sucks ronda rousey's dick	negative	dana white
thistopc may be to blame for arguably the greatest ufc fighter ever not returning httpaddr httpaddr	negative	dana white
"""thistopc will lose a numbrrd topc meal ticket within a month tonight. rousey, vanzant, mcgregor topc ufzzz"""	negative	dana white
hahaha can imagine thistopc may want to kill himself after that rousey fight	negative	dana white
"""helwani to thistopc """"good luck tomorrow"""" you fucking sheep"""	negative	dana white
"""i fucking hate thistopc, let's not give aldo a numbrnd chance in a numbr sec fight but let's give rhonda a rematch when she gets destroyed."""	negative	dana white
"""if thistopc was smart, he would've waited on this fight. stretched it out may v pac style. mcgregor is a promotional magnet. topc"	negative	dana white
if i'm holly holm i think i go to thistopc &amp; hold him hostage. but i may just enjoy chaos a little too much	negative	dana white
"""if mcgregor loses tomorrow night, thistopc will be the most butthurt dude on planet earth"""	negative	dana white
"""if he gets the crap beat out of him saturday, thistopc may die.  httpaddr"	negative	dana white
"""lol thistopc ain't happy /w the ways things are going, tomorrow he'll be furious. topc topc httpaddr"	negative	dana white
"""lol desperate af! """"twitteraddr thistopc confirms ufc going to brisbane, australia on march numbr, numbr topc"	negative	dana white
someone may want to check on thistopc.... he's somewhere sick right now	negative	dana white
there will never be women in the ufc thistopc a few years ago...as ronda rousey headlines her numbrrd or numbrth ufc card. what a bonehead he is	negative	dana white
'thistopc' appeared on sunday numbr at the numbrth place in the topnumbr of miami's trends: httpaddr topc	positive	dana white
.twitteraddr i first saw him on thistopc's pilot episode and saw his fight in october - he does look impressive	positive	dana white
"""twitteraddr like tomorrow if thistopc tweeted what a glory fan he is, these same people would come running so hard they'd faceplant"""	positive	dana white
thistopc announcing holm v. rousey scheduled for july numbrth. can't wait for the rematch	positive	dana white
"""thistopc may very well have the world's best piece of furniture. """"any questions?"""" nope. we're good here. httpaddr"	positive	dana white
thistopc says rematch topc is on for ufcnumbr.  it will be at the new las vegas arena.  i think this could be bigger than may-pac.	positive	dana white
danny white to be announced as ucf ad on thursday. not to be confused with thistopc. another nd alum like orsini.	positive	dana white
frankie edgar shows chad mendes and thistopc that he deserves a title shot:  httpaddr	positive	dana white
"""i called it """"ronda vs holly numbr"""" thistopc and ronda have said yes there will be indeed be a numbrnd fight! so there you go mma fans! yay!!!"""	positive	dana white
i've got aldo winning by tko in the numbrrd round but if it goes to the judges mcgregor wins cause you know he's thistopc's golden boy topc	positive	dana white
ko's thefw en route to numbrth straight win. then calls out thistopc in the post fight.  httpaddr httpaddr	positive	dana white
pool party stories: thistopc treats both teams to some fun in the sun httpaddr	positive	dana white
"""rip the rousey circus. thistopc; a """"once ever athlete"""" after numbr wins...liverpool won numbr in a row in numbr/numbr and finished numbrnd!"""	positive	dana white
"""rousey is to thistopc what aj is to eddie hearn, their wee pet projects, be great numbr see eddies wee pets career take the same hit on dec numbr"""	positive	dana white
"""whoa. thistopc just said that if ronda rousey wins tomorrow, cyborg is next. superfight may be just a few months away"""	positive	dana white
twitteraddr which may people think it is a bad game and that the major issue of thistopc games	negative	dark souls
twitteraddr i liked it a lot. held my attention much better than thistopc. i may have to go back to that now.	negative	dark souls
twitteraddr if i see someone else telling you that i might just fucking burn them alive. may work to do a nice thistopc bonfire.	negative	dark souls
"""twitteraddr thistopc is pretty much near the bottom of the list for me to finish, along with many many rpgs,gotta get thru short ones numbrst"""	negative	dark souls
twitteraddr but then the numbrnd half of thistopc shits the bed and thistopc numbr just doesn't care.	negative	dark souls
"""blighttown may be annoying, but the worst place in thistopc, in my opinion, was crystal cave. fuck those invisible platforms."""	negative	dark souls
"""thistopc progress: getting real sick of these asylum demon-like bosses. firesage was exactly the same as stray demon! c'mon, thistopc"""	negative	dark souls
had a rough time trying to make thistopc work with obs =/ gonna have to figure out a few things and stream tomorrow i topc	negative	dark souls
"""i don't want fucking kane &amp; lynch numbr, microsoft. hurry up with thistopc and vanquish, will ya? httpaddr"	negative	dark souls
"""i think thistopc is made of crack. i have to kill the no story series, and start a new series for monday."""	negative	dark souls
i watched an hour-long speedrun of thistopc........he effin' finished the satanic game in numbr:numbr. it took me a year and a half c'mon	negative	dark souls
"""no streamerino tonight, i am too tired to get continuously rekt in thistopc. watch me die tomorrow instead!"""	negative	dark souls
outsider's perspective to thistopc: you die a lot and masturbate to the sun.	negative	dark souls
my life is in fucking shambles and jacob thinks he's real the victim because i wont co-narrate his godawful numbrth stab at thistopc numbr	negative	dark souls
"""twitteraddr this one will finish thistopc numbr while awaiting april numbrth... also, a lot of skooma to pass the time."""	positive	dark souls
twitteraddr i hope you plan on doing a thistopc numbr walkthrough when it comes out in march bro! i literally watch every single ds video	positive	dark souls
twitteraddr since you said bloodborne may be better than thistopc i've been having an almighty internal struggle. you...  might be right.	positive	dark souls
twitteraddr twitteraddr i'm playing thistopc tomorrow.   what have you been doing tonight ya shit?	positive	dark souls
"""twitteraddr # thistopc numbr comes out in march. i know you love it, and you've tried with thistopc numbr &amp; numbr to no avail."""	positive	dark souls
"""twitteraddr do think you'll make a video on thistopc numbr when it comes out? """"praise the sun"""""""	positive	dark souls
twitteraddr thistopc numbr is my fav game of all time. played it exclusively from release date for nearly numbr months.  became a numbrnd home...	positive	dark souls
twitteraddr cannot wait for you to get back. hopefully we see you around april for thistopc numbr :d!	positive	dark souls
twitteraddr   numbr. i initially grew interest in thistopc because i found out golden sun shared the same composer. :v	positive	dark souls
twitteraddr would you consider doing some thistopc numbr content in preparation for thistopc numbr in april?  dlc is great.	positive	dark souls
"""twitteraddr thistopc games look fun, i may have to try them out at some point. it's fun watching you play them."""	positive	dark souls
"""twitteraddr yes i may pop in to watch you stream thistopc, time zone permitting.  where do you stream, and what's your user name?"""	positive	dark souls
twitteraddr if you are enjoying bloodborne you may enjoy thistopc too if you didn't already played it	positive	dark souls
twitteraddr i hope you're ready for march numbr  because that's when i transmute into thistopc danielle	positive	dark souls
"""twitteraddr can you beat thistopc numbr before tomorrow? maybe play both, as adventures in the apocalypse will seem nice in comparison."""	positive	dark souls
"""twitteraddr got me thistopc, boys and girls. looks like we have tomorrow's game picked out for the stream.   you da best, ginna!"""	positive	dark souls
"""alright people, you've been waiting for it. thistopc. numbr death = numbr jalapeno. tomorrow at numbram pst.  rip me. httpaddr"	positive	dark souls
apparently thistopc numbr may be the end of the series. all i can say is it better be the peak of the series too.	positive	dark souls
awesome amounts of support with our special bonus cast with twitteraddr and twitteraddr . go show them some love. back tuesday for thistopc	positive	dark souls
"""beat demon souls. if there is a black friday sale i will pick up thistopc numbr, otherwise might just get thistopc numbr"""	positive	dark souls
"""bloodborne has the greatest gameplay experience out of all the miyazaki games i've played.  thistopc is my favorite, with bb ranking numbrnd."""	positive	dark souls
"""congrats to prx for capping the numbrst settlement on harvest! eu settlements went to futilez, kittens, thistopc and frozen. topc"	positive	dark souls
thistopc spooky scary halloween party in chasm of the abyss tomorrow! [all platforms] httpaddr	positive	dark souls
thistopc kicked my ass tonight. called it an early night. sent the topc raid over to  httpaddr see ya tomorrow &lt;numbr !!!	positive	dark souls
thistopc was a ton of fun tonight. i'm going to continue again on wednesday.	positive	dark souls
"""episode numbr of thistopc: please just kill me will be going up tomorrow! not sure when, probably mid-day though,... httpaddr"	positive	dark souls
family time then i'm going to fire up the stream! either more soma or i may jump on the hype train and give thistopc a go! numbrpm tonight!	positive	dark souls
"""getting slightly better at thistopc, beat numbr bosses tonight! but then the mistakes, oh the mistakes. stay tuned tomorrow for more of it! &lt;numbr"""	positive	dark souls
hacked by keelan's girlfriend &lt;numbr &lt;numbr &lt;numbr &lt;numbr  just kidding i just beat thistopc numbr for the numbrth time i have my priorities straight.	positive	dark souls
had a great time in bloodborne today. thank you to all the followers and subs!! cya tomorrow for thistopc numbr and numbr ng-ng+numbr progress!!!	positive	dark souls
hm. maybe to make up for such a short stream today i'll stream through all of thistopc on monday..	positive	dark souls
holy crap i literally just now realized that it is friday and i didn't upload the new thistopc video.  great.  great!  great!	positive	dark souls
i have a lot of plans for my day tomorrow. and by that i mean i'm going to accidentally play thistopc for numbr hours. &amp; still whine about it.	positive	dark souls
i just bought thistopc numbr for the numbrth time. i've spent $numbr to keep playing this game. twitteraddr hook it up with a shirt or something.	positive	dark souls
"""i know you miss me all, but don't fret, i will be back! thursday numbram cet we will take on thistopc once more! looking forward to it :d"""	positive	dark souls
i like the look of those thistopc numbr pc specs. my machine may actually run it!	positive	dark souls
i wanna play thistopc again for the numbrst time	positive	dark souls
"""i will record tomorrow and maybe even continue the thistopc playthrough. - best regards, the youtuber with no followers there nor here."""	positive	dark souls
"""i'll give you a hint, you wanna play it but you think it'll be too hard. """"oh oh oh praise the sun."""" """"yes, thistopc."""""""	positive	dark souls
it's saturday night &amp; twitteraddr is playing thistopc! he has a face only you could love httpaddr httpaddr	positive	dark souls
it's time for one last trip to the unforgiving world of thistopc.   april numbrth. httpaddr	positive	dark souls
just beat thistopc for the very first time! thanks to everyone who showed up and hung out along the way. starting on saturday: bows only!	positive	dark souls
"""just bought thistopc too. i'll finished them, even if it may put my laptop's life in danger."""	positive	dark souls
lazy (torture?) sunday! starting with some afterbirth and moving on to thistopc ii later. come say hi :d httpaddr	positive	dark souls
look forward to auld guy *battering fuck out of ye in the sfv beta tomorrow.  *going mental on here because it doesn't play like thistopc	positive	dark souls
"""man bill burr april numbrnd, and iron maiden april numbr. followed by thistopc numbr on the numbrth and eglx on the numbrth? april is gonna be brutal."""	positive	dark souls
my submission for the thistopc story contest.  you all may as well quit now i got this in the bag.  httpaddr	positive	dark souls
never been more proud of my non gaming girlfriend than when she beat the asylum demon on thistopc on her numbrnd attempt!	positive	dark souls
"""nice to see the neighbours rocking a bit of thistopc, seriously though if you invade my game i will cut you. httpaddr"	positive	dark souls
"""no stream tonight. thistopc tomorrow, i swearssssss."""	positive	dark souls
"""not much love for the infamous challenge run today, but had some fun and some viewers during thistopc ii! that'll resume on saturday."""	positive	dark souls
officially starting thistopc numbr monday evening. gta v was way too fun to stop! thanks for coming to the stream! see you tomorrow!	positive	dark souls
"""okay, maybe no halo legendary solo tomorrow. might just continue thistopc. i want to get all the skulls and intel before i do that."""	positive	dark souls
project in march or whenever the fuck i feel like i should playing thistopc and focus.	positive	dark souls
seeing the positive comments about bloodborne's dlc has me even more excited for my thistopc series playthrough in january.	positive	dark souls
"""since i'm hype for thistopc numbr, i might as well just play thistopc numbr over for the numbrth time"""	positive	dark souls
so i'm ready to make more progress in thistopc ng-ng+numbr...we'll kick off tomorrow's stream with ng+numbr chat chosen weapons numbrpm edt!!!	positive	dark souls
"""so, tomorrow will be time for streams. thistopc in the afternoon, very likely fallout in the evening. gotta finish that pesky game. x)"""	positive	dark souls
thursday's lightning deal! praise the sun and grab numbr% off our thistopc range today at httpaddr httpaddr	positive	dark souls
"""thank you guys so much for all the support tonight! it was fun! hopefully, i'll be back tomorrow with thistopc!"""	positive	dark souls
"""thanks everyone for coming out for my extra long thistopc stream, i may have to come back to it later in the event. that was a lot of fun!"""	positive	dark souls
thanks everyone who came and hung out through the challenge! tomorrow i'm starting my first full playthrough of thistopc!	positive	dark souls
"""today, we finally beat thistopc!!! long stream tomorrow, topc topc topc are on the line up for tomorrow:)"""	positive	dark souls
"""tomorrow i shall do some thistopc, bloodborne and miku! and probably stuff in between! &lt;numbr see you then!"""	positive	dark souls
tomorrow is thistopc or bloodborne day.  gotta remind myself how practice and hours pay off	positive	dark souls
tomorrow is the big thistopc race between myself and twitteraddr   starting sometime between numbr-numbram est  be there!	positive	dark souls
"""was reading thistopc numbr may be last souls game.  that'd be good.  keep it special, you know?"""	positive	dark souls
wednesday i will make sure to be fully awake for thistopc and will likely got for a couple of hours instead of my normal numbr	positive	dark souls
"""well, i beat the numbrst boss of thistopc. yep. i understand what people say about it being hard xd"""	positive	dark souls
wow strong numbr hour cast of thistopc. the zwei addiction is real! i'll be back at it tomorrow evening probably after another das dream lol	positive	dark souls
also just got thistopc to work with obs i am ready for tomorrow :d	positive	dark souls
httpaddr  hey /v/. considering starting to play thistopc. would it be better to play the numbrst or the numbrnd first?	positive	dark souls
sick thistopc numbr stream action was had! abledorfenheim.. the legend. we shall continue tomorrow!	positive	dark souls
thistopc's blackstar is the sound of an unknowable artist steadfastly ignoring his own past. httpaddr	negative	david bowie
i'm a fan of some really weird music but the new thistopc may be the strangest i've ever heard. not even sure what i just saw	negative	david bowie
watching labyrinth for the numbrst time ever...thistopc is the worst	negative	david bowie
"""topc i was in the numbrnd to last row in the stadium concert &amp; thistopc talked directly to me. actually, he did. impressed?"""	positive	david bowie
"""topc thistopc, queen, doctor who... (classic dw with tom baker numbrth doctor)..."""	positive	david bowie
twitteraddr numbrnd visit to thistopc is last night and i already feel like i should be going again! absolutely amazing exhibition! thank you! &lt;numbr	positive	david bowie
"""twitteraddr """"blackstar"""" is the best thing to start a friday night. thanks thistopc, my messiah, my lord."""	positive	david bowie
twitteraddr twitteraddr ty numbr the follow! much love &amp; respect numbr a hero of mine - thistopc always! have a fantaztik friday! :)*	positive	david bowie
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr   nobody can be as pretty as thistopc. that's flying too close to the sun.	positive	david bowie
twitteraddr and also very importantly it was numbr years ago today that thistopc had his numbrst nonumbr with space oddity!  topc	positive	david bowie
twitteraddr i've brought one of thistopc cds today the numbrth anniversary edition  and night night x	positive	david bowie
twitteraddr january numbrth then we can have a cool shared birthday with thistopc	positive	david bowie
twitteraddr mama come hang out with me on jan numbr at the nasa for thistopc purttyyyy pleaseeeeee	positive	david bowie
and while no one may keep track of my accounts.  thistopc is an extremely relevant figure in the stories i have been told.	positive	david bowie
"""any conference where the first speaker is named thistopc can't be a bad one. (no, he's obv not that bowie). httpaddr"	positive	david bowie
be sure to tune in thursday's numbr-numbr pm for a brand new show with twitteraddr twitteraddr and yes i'm bringing thistopc checkpoint with me	positive	david bowie
"""bing crosby &amp; thistopc have been singing """"peace on earth/little drummer boy"""" in my head all day. how's your november numbrrd going?"""	positive	david bowie
blackstar off thistopc's upcoming album blackstar out numbr january numbr. ....what do you think? buy:p	positive	david bowie
"""buenos jueves , good thursday with thistopc thursday childhttpaddr httpaddr"	positive	david bowie
can't wait for january numbr so i could lock myself in a dark room&amp;listen to the entirety of blackstar.weird thistopc music is the best music	positive	david bowie
thistopc is: sold out on december numbrth and numbrth! there are no tickets available anymore at the cash register for today and tomorrow.	positive	david bowie
"""thistopc famously sang that """"we can be heroes, just for one day"""". but it's a monday and i've got stuff to do, so it'll have to wait."""	positive	david bowie
thistopc just shared the first song/video from his upcoming january release. we are left intrigued and... httpaddr	positive	david bowie
thistopc makes me want to draw and draw and get lost in a whirlwind of sound and color :d topc topc topc topc	positive	david bowie
thistopc may have tucked twitteraddr into bed as a child--listen--bigtime players on the left did to yours truly too.	positive	david bowie
"""thistopc on friday took another dive into the space theme that has run through his career releasing """"blackstar"""".  httpaddr"	positive	david bowie
"""thistopc's 'blackstar' video httpaddr strange, dark, and beautiful. i think i love it. new album arrives in january."""	positive	david bowie
thistopc's new numbr-minute epic just released from his new album out in january. middle bit is vintage weird bowie. httpaddr	positive	david bowie
thistopc's new song blackstar is fucking brilliant. he is ceaselessly exceptional and innovative. excited for the album january numbrth!	positive	david bowie
"""thistopc: """"blackstar"""": there is a star in our universe called kic numbr that may or may not be the hub of... httpaddr"	positive	david bowie
did you know that 'thistopc' was trending topic on friday numbr for numbr hours in amsterdam? httpaddr topc	positive	david bowie
does anyone know if blackstar from thistopc will be downloadable as a single or do we have to wait for the full album in jan?	positive	david bowie
dreamed i met thistopc at a coffee shop. got to talking about music and he sat down with me for hours. hope it was prophetic.	positive	david bowie
even thistopc is getting in on it: httpaddr check out the persian sound in the numbrnd half :) topc	positive	david bowie
everybody's talking about adele... guys! new thistopc tomorrow!	positive	david bowie
fbomb topc december numbrth! arlene's grocery! the bombardiers tackle the works of thistopc plus natural born... httpaddr	positive	david bowie
"""finally sat and watched it. thistopc's topc is perfect. more of this, less of everything else."""	positive	david bowie
friday night relaxin:  watch the new thistopc video blackstar.  topc topc topc httpaddr	positive	david bowie
frightening tales in the dark dried off in the sun in the style of thistopc. i am now filthy rich.	positive	david bowie
"""from the new thistopc album, available numbr january numbr  httpaddr  topc topc"	positive	david bowie
happy thursday and here's a picture of thistopc from the old tonight show. httpaddr	positive	david bowie
happy tuesday. our countdown to christmas continues today with our numbr release of thistopc and bing crosby's... httpaddr	positive	david bowie
"""i can't wait for the diamond is unbreakable anime in april, looking forward to seeing """"anime thistopc"""" get a raging hard on for hands"""	positive	david bowie
i found out thistopc is coming out with a new album this january. let's see if i'm gonna be the only young person who cares again.	positive	david bowie
i have to rewrite an essay for tomorrow and i have no motivation to do it and i'm just sitting with my head on my arm with thistopc on	positive	david bowie
i may well need therapy for what that guy just did to one of my all time favourite thistopc songs... wtf was that!!!  topc	positive	david bowie
i wanna dress up as thistopc for decades day tomorrow but alas i have no money and no time for it	positive	david bowie
i wish the universe could see a thistopc film/musical scripted by twitteraddr and directed by danny boyle. httpaddr	positive	david bowie
i'm supposed to be doing a talk in my teachers office tomorrow about moon landing and i think i'll talk about thistopc songs instead	positive	david bowie
if you're truly my friend you'll play thistopc's greatest hits when i'm about to have my numbrst kid	positive	david bowie
"""in numbr twitteraddr on twitteraddr numbr's saturday night. there will be thistopc, motley crue &amp; christopher cross so it's obviously awesome."""	positive	david bowie
"""in other news, had a great saturday on the town with twitteraddr and my old uni friend at a thistopc tribute orchestra :p"""	positive	david bowie
ionumbr doesn't even get to hold the new thistopc music video?!  c'mon gawker!	positive	david bowie
"""karaoke invitation for numbr, but knowing these guys, it'll be numbr.i work tomorrow, so the world is saved from hearing me ruin thistopc songs."""	positive	david bowie
listening to thistopc's topc to get in the mood for twitteraddr  can't wait for sat night httpaddr	positive	david bowie
"""love thistopc. """"check ignition and may god's love be with you."""" heck yeh."""	positive	david bowie
marquis of vaudeville will be performing some of your fav thistopc gems mingled with our own musical mischief! httpaddr	positive	david bowie
"""morning sunday lovers. in the words of thistopc - i'm happy, hope you're happy too :) x"""	positive	david bowie
"""my professor plays a """"jammie jam"""" w/ every new lecture topic. today it was changes by thistopc. my numbrst thought was """"this was in shrek""""..."""	positive	david bowie
"""news : new video by thistopc tomorrow on tv:   a few weeks ago when we wrote the news, a lot of fans we... httpaddr"	positive	david bowie
new thistopc single from the soon to be released black star. hey! i can't fuckin' wait(january numbrth). enjoy!... httpaddr	positive	david bowie
"""new thistopc tune to start friday and its ten minutes long, good work david. a tour announcement now would make today perfect topc"	positive	david bowie
"""new star wars out tomorrow, new thistopc album in a few weeks. we're back in the late numbrs &amp; early numbrs again! topc"	positive	david bowie
"""new music on itunes: adele's numbr, holiday album deals, and pre-order thistopc's blackstar: every friday, the... httpaddr"	positive	david bowie
ohhh boy. love me some twitteraddr new music in numbr music dispatch: gorillaz may collaborate with thistopc httpaddr	positive	david bowie
oh yes! we now have a pre-order up for the forthcoming thistopc 'blackstar' lp out numbrth jan httpaddr	positive	david bowie
only good thing going right now is my thistopc raccoon hat comes in on saturday	positive	david bowie
"""peace on earth, everyone. may thistopc and bing crosby be with you! httpaddr"	positive	david bowie
sat here at nearly numbram with thistopc on repeat. all i need now is food.	positive	david bowie
so this happened tuesday night: sharif (or is it thistopc?) earned his first bike! topc httpaddr	positive	david bowie
"""some real legendary names on list tomorrow: thistopc, bjork, prince...just putting it together and realised!"""	positive	david bowie
"""soundtrack for the weekend: httpaddr (thistopc, the man who sold the world 'numbr, september 'numbr)."""	positive	david bowie
spending tomorrow refreshing twitter because i want to go to the goddamn thistopc musical. topc	positive	david bowie
"""study thistopc, james bowen and numbrpac watch the sun set with best friends from a rooftop"""	positive	david bowie
the numbr may as well just call it a thistopc cover	positive	david bowie
"""the numbrth bestselling track of numbr [of the day]: thistopc - """"let's dance"""" httpaddr serious moonlight ftw"""	positive	david bowie
those of you who hang on my every word with regards musical recommendations may be interested to know that i like the new thistopc track.	positive	david bowie
to keep in pace with friday numbrth here's a teaser for the new thistopc album scheduled for release jan numbrth...... httpaddr	positive	david bowie
tomorrow belongs to those who can hear it coming. thistopc   the internet/media has the power to make the... httpaddr	positive	david bowie
tomorrow night we play thistopc music at the inauguration of his famous exhibition in the groninger museum -... httpaddr	positive	david bowie
tomorrow we play the new thistopc song to start the program at numbrpm on your tuesday afternoon alternative - join us for topc on topc	positive	david bowie
"""wow, thistopc and bing crosbie you give me goose bumps. may this wish come true.  peach on earth.... httpaddr"	positive	david bowie
"""we just sold our numbrst copy of the limited edition rise of thistopc. now there are only numbr,numbr copies left: httpaddr"	positive	david bowie
when mr. thistopc wrote this song i'll bet he took the rest of the day off.  happy saturday world!  play nice!... httpaddr	positive	david bowie
"""you know how in perks of being a wallflower, thistopc's heroes made them feel infinite? tuesday was the soundtrack to my infinity."""	positive	david bowie
"""you may ask, jarrica what are you doing at numbram???!!? i am listening to as the world falls down by thistopc.....so yeah"""	positive	david bowie
"""also, a musing: i want to dance to thistopc and the soundtrack to saturday night fever. i'd like there to be disco lights"""	positive	david bowie
at httpaddr you'll see they're also doing a thistopc night at los globos january numbr. my band is called gene g. nee. join!	positive	david bowie
gotta say twitteraddr did wow me saturday with thistopc very theatrical he let the song speak for itself i am now a fan of his :d	positive	david bowie
"""i did not think about thistopc very much today. tomorrow will be different, i promise"""	positive	david bowie
"""i have the privilege of performing at the usher hall tomorrow, which seats numbr,numbr &amp; has welcomed elton john, led zeppelin &amp; thistopc..."""	positive	david bowie
"""it's numbr:numbr am on sunday, so obviously it's time for thistopc."""	positive	david bowie
ive just discovered that there are people who dont like thistopc. may god have mercy on our souls.	positive	david bowie
"""listen to thistopc! hes my savior. like honestly he will change ur life numbrever. i listened numbr him numbrst in numbrnd grade, &amp; ive nvr been the same"""	positive	david bowie
me: * listens to drive-in saturday six times in a row with little to no regret *   i am so alive rn bless thistopc	positive	david bowie
some monday night inspiration for the weird side in you - thistopc - blackstar httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	david bowie
"""topc starter thistopc suffers numbrst ever loss at toronto- had been numbr-numbr (numbr w as a jay) with numbr.numbr era, numbr k, numbr bb in numbr.numbr ip over numbr starts"""	negative	david price
"""twitteraddr tanaka stinks. plus, dickey owns the yankees, and thistopc is on the mound saturday."""	negative	david price
twitteraddr thistopc done the same thing. and got his cunt kicked in a numbrnd time	negative	david price
thistopc does not look happy getting sent off. he's allowed a hit each inning and left the game with the tying run at numbrnd.	negative	david price
thistopc gets first loss with blue jays despite fine effort monday httpaddr	negative	david price
"""thistopc lost a late lead against the yankees in friday's numbr-numbr defeat, allowing three runs on numbr hits over numbr numbr/numbr innings."""	negative	david price
thistopc's last two starts against the topc have been horrendous. he takes the mound saturday httpaddr	negative	david price
i'm probably jynxing it. but thistopc has a no hitter going into the numbrth	negative	david price
lets kill thistopc tomorrow like we always do and maybe you all will calm the fuck down topc	negative	david price
it's aug. numbrth and the division-leading jays will look to thistopc for their numbrth straight win tomorrow. imagine hearing that in april.	positive	david price
topc going for the franchise numbr straight wins tomorrow. thistopc pitching against the topc that'll be an unbelievable game.	positive	david price
topc win numbr-numbr final!! thistopc on the mound tomorrow! topc httpaddr	positive	david price
topc thistopc on the bump tomorrow with his topc  david throws the ball and dares you to hit it and that's how he wins!	positive	david price
'thistopc' appeared on tuesday numbr at the numbrth place in the topnumbr of ottawa's trends: httpaddr topc	positive	david price
numbr yd td run by ross gives terps numbr-numbr lead. ross has numbr yes rushing. likely numbr return yards. thistopc shutting o's numbr-numbr in the numbrth	positive	david price
numbrrd bsmn twitteraddr numbr-for-numbr since recall by the angels. he could get his numbrst big-league hit against thistopc tonight topc topc	positive	david price
numbrth strike out by thistopc. love the calm &amp; trust from our pitcher topc	positive	david price
"""numbrth consecutive win, shutout the yankees, thistopc's second win as a jay, numbr.numbr games behind for numbrst place in al east. topc"	positive	david price
numbrth strikeout of the afternoon for thistopc's numbrth career win! httpaddr	positive	david price
"""twitteraddr    i can't wait till friday,, coming down to see the jays for first time in years and thistopc pitching,, woo hoo!"""	positive	david price
twitteraddr win. count em down boys numbr.numbr games back. numbr more big ones this weekend with the big guy thistopc throwing tomorrow	positive	david price
twitteraddr booo. you going to any games this weekend? thistopc on saturday in the bx	positive	david price
"""twitteraddr i'd like to sign thistopc in the offseason, maybe add a numbrth or numbrth starter, and a lefty of bat."""	positive	david price
"""twitteraddr the great troy tulowitzki, the great thistopc going friday."""	positive	david price
"""twitteraddr can't wait for this weekend, especially saturday when my guy thistopc is on the mound. i love that team."""	positive	david price
"""twitteraddr thistopc earns the win on his numbrth birthday, improving to numbr-numbr with a numbr.numbr era &amp; numbr.numbr whip in numbr starts with the topc"	positive	david price
twitteraddr thistopc getting you excited to watch the jays play again. topc topc october baseball? httpaddr	positive	david price
twitteraddr mvp mvp. numbr pitchs and the numbrth pitch to stay alive. he is going to get paid bigtime.and thistopc wow	positive	david price
twitteraddr this is my numbrrd or numbrth time sending this out to the twitterverse. first jays player to respond? thistopc. pretty cool.	positive	david price
twitteraddr hope they continue to give the rangers trouble. thistopc tomorrow!!!!	positive	david price
"""twitteraddr the latest player to join the twitteraddr as topc is thistopc, he signed with the jays on the numbrth of july :) hope that helps!"""	positive	david price
twitteraddr currently numbr-numbr top of the numbrth. they got lucky trading for thistopc.  that's one ace of a pitcher to have in the lineup.	positive	david price
and just think....virgo thistopc will be getting even better when jupiter goes into virgo august numbr... httpaddr	positive	david price
"""apart from the numbrth inning mastery by thistopc, the best part of the game was my boi gregg zaun going off on yordano ventura."""	positive	david price
argh! gonna miss friday &amp; another thistopc start.. hopefully make it back to in time to see a few innings	positive	david price
as good as thistopc would have been imagine what the yankees may have in severino for the next numbr-numbr seasons... wow	positive	david price
boom! another strikeout for thistopc! topc up numbr-numbr heading to the btm of the numbrth! topc	positive	david price
blue jays win numbrth straight behind birthday boy thistopc: when the toronto blue jays traded for thistopc ... httpaddr	positive	david price
but here's the good news: - tomorrow is a new game  - numbr.numbr back is nothing - thistopc is still a toronto blue jay	positive	david price
thistopc continues his dominance with toronto blue jays: after a dominant toronto blue jays debut on monday... httpaddr	positive	david price
thistopc does the topc a favor in his numbrst topc start. jays w vs topc pulls detroit numbr/numbr game closer numbr numbrnd wc. now numbr gms back.	positive	david price
"""thistopc felt good even into numbrth inning. then it snowballed. """"that's baseball, that's part of it and if you don't like it, pitch better."""""""	positive	david price
thistopc going tomorrow for a franchise win record? sounds good.	positive	david price
thistopc got a win in the blue jays' big win over the rangers on wednesday and in five starts for topc he's numbr-numbr with a numbr.numbr era.	positive	david price
thistopc is gonna be hellafun every numbrth day.	positive	david price
thistopc is lucky so far...nowhere near the same guy as last saturday	positive	david price
thistopc is pitching today for the jays. i feel a numbrth win in a row coming tonight	positive	david price
thistopc is the numbrst topc sp this season to record numbr+ ks in consecutive starts.	positive	david price
thistopc is the fastest topc pitcher to reach numbrks with the team. he accomplished the feat tonight in his numbrth topc start.	positive	david price
thistopc looks to become the numbrth pitcher in topc history to go numbr-numbr in a calendar month.	positive	david price
thistopc may not shut out the angels tonight but he will shut. them. down. | twitteraddr | twitteraddr	positive	david price
thistopc pitched eight innings of two-run ball in a win over the angels on friday. topc	positive	david price
thistopc pitched the topc past the topc to earn his numbrth career win on saturday. httpaddr httpaddr	positive	david price
thistopc pitches today. a numbrth straight win would set the mark for the longest win streak this season &amp; set a blue jays franchise record	positive	david price
thistopc rolls up the rim twitteraddr sunday and a win for the topc   welcome to topc david. httpaddr	positive	david price
"""thistopc shut down the angels for eight innings on friday night, holding them to two runs on six hits and... httpaddr"	positive	david price
thistopc still out in the numbrth ? gonna love this guy. topc topc	positive	david price
thistopc taking to the mound for the topc tonight. since august numbr he's been reliable as expected &amp; then some httpaddr	positive	david price
thistopc vs. luis severino should be pitching matchup for topc topc series opener thursday. you might want to watch.	positive	david price
"""thistopc will take the mound friday night, his first road start as a blue jay. yes, life is very good in toronto. topc"	positive	david price
thistopc will take the mound friday vs. topc looking to pitch topc to franchise-record numbrth-straight win. topc topc	positive	david price
thistopc's numbrst win as a jay! incredible day at the ballpark!! httpaddr	positive	david price
"""thistopc's numbrnd pitcher of the week, josh donaldson's numbrnd hitter of the week, corey kluber's numbrrd pitcher of the day."""	positive	david price
"""thistopc, justin smoak send jays by yanks for numbrth win in row httpaddr always a great day when tha yankees lose.... topc"	positive	david price
"""djibouti swamp (numbr-numbr, numbrth, twitteraddr ) beats miggy smalls (numbrst, numbr-numbr, twitteraddr ) numbr-numbr mvp - thistopc with numbr points"""	positive	david price
"""elvis's .numbr (numbr-numbr) career batting average versus thistopc ranks numbrnd best among numbr pitchers against which he has had numbr+ pa (c.c., .numbr)"""	positive	david price
"""even with the loss of the numbr dudes, i think we'll feel better about hamels in december when the dodgers give thistopc $numbr million."""	positive	david price
fantastic pitching by thistopc! numbrst two get on and you got their best hitters coming up to the plate... no problem gets them all out!	positive	david price
feels like the play.......  thistopc tomorrow in the bronx zoo.  go jays...	positive	david price
fuck that i want thistopc's numbrs httpaddr	positive	david price
full house on a friday for thistopc facing the yankees. that's the best sentence i have heard in a while topc	positive	david price
"""glasnow is nearly identical to numbr thistopc, who got the call up and was outstanding as a reliever in sept/oct. httpaddr"	positive	david price
great day for baseball. thistopc kills it in his debut for the jays and then the braves walk off in the numbrth.  love this game!!	positive	david price
great game by thistopc and the blue jays!!!! topc loved that numbrth inning!	positive	david price
great to see thistopc tie blue jays strike out record as numbrst time hurler for jays who tighten wild card race with big win over minn.	positive	david price
happy numbrth birthday to thistopc! he is numbr-numbr with a numbr.numbr era in numbr starts with the topc httpaddr	positive	david price
i don't get the panic at all. still in playoffs still thistopc pitching friday still great lineup still lots of games left topc	positive	david price
"""i may be in the minority here, but i rather enjoy watching thistopc play for the toronto blue jays"""	positive	david price
"""i'm going to an angels game tomorrow, but i'm not a fan. it's a great thing thistopc is pitching tho!!!"""	positive	david price
"""icymi: topc thistopc earned his numbrth career victory on saturday against the topc (numbr.numbr ip, numbr h, numbr er, numbr bb, numbr k)"""	positive	david price
it's a good feeling when you're getting killed but realize you'll finish today in first place and have thistopc pitching tomorrow	positive	david price
jays are now numbr.numbr games back of the yankees for numbrst place. won numbr in a row and thistopc is numbr-numbr as a blue jay!  numbr-numbr over the yankees topc	positive	david price
just did the math and realized that i get to see thistopc pitch live next sunday. cool! topc	positive	david price
"""lhp matt boyd, traded to twitteraddr in thistopc deal, will start tomorrow vs. the twitteraddr topc"	positive	david price
"""man, this twitteraddr team keeps getting better. thistopc on the tit tomorrow!"""	positive	david price
"""no matter what drake tells you, monday in topc belonged to thistopc. topc - httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	david price
oh hey thistopc pitches for the jays tomorrow.   good luck shitwanks.	positive	david price
people worried about thistopc pitching tomorrow but they seem to forget we own the guy topc	positive	david price
pitchers to start &amp; get win on numbrth birthday (numbr-present): httpaddr thistopc looks to add to this list tonight.	positive	david price
"""rocky numbrst sets tone as santiago, angels fall to price: httpaddr --thistopc shut down the angel... httpaddr"	positive	david price
"""salazar struck out the side in the numbrst, and thistopc answers back with the same in the numbrnd. tulo-colabello-martin due up for topc"	positive	david price
selfishly need a good hutch outing. anything less may mess with rotation &amp; the perfectly planned-out thistopc start in la next friday.	positive	david price
"""so adrian nearly has as many fantasy points for my team as thistopc does. numbr for adrian, numbr.numbr for price.   still only the numbrth. topc"	positive	david price
sonny gray and thistopc are numbrnd and numbrth in era respectively in the al	positive	david price
"""stats flying around lately, but this is my favourite: today is the numbrnd game where troy tulowitzki and thistopc play for the blue jays."""	positive	david price
thank god we don't have to wait 'til numbr pm tomorrow for the next one. thistopc tomorrow goat	positive	david price
that's right it is thursday night. come to boots &amp; slurs and let thistopc and hollie king make you favorite... httpaddr	positive	david price
"""the numbrnd episode also features an interview w/ tom dakers of twitteraddr who joined the podcast to discuss the thistopc &amp; tulo trades"""	positive	david price
the blue jays are playing very well. they're scoring runs and thistopc is pitching like thistopc. numbr-numbr jays with one out in the numbrth	positive	david price
the tigers may be calling up matt boyd: he's pitcher number two they received in the thistopc deal.  httpaddr	positive	david price
"""tomorrow's starters: thistopc and mike wright. even with a wright on the mound, the price is still right. topc"	positive	david price
"""tomorrow, thistopc takes the mound. that is nice."""	positive	david price
tons of preseason football and an important jays game with thistopc on the mound. ideal friday	positive	david price
toronto blue jays vs the texas rangers. thistopc starting pitcher for the jays on his numbrth birthday. topc httpaddr	positive	david price
very exciting. love thistopc and he is going to love crazy corn. go jays go!!! httpaddr	positive	david price
watching thistopc against the rangers.  numbr-numbr in the numbrth.  doesn't get much better than this. httpaddr	positive	david price
watching thistopc and the blue jays on saturday night!! definitely jays fever topc	positive	david price
watching thistopc dominate... from greece. nice way to end a day of sun and souvlaki. topc	positive	david price
we had thistopc numbrst in our topc projections today. his numbr pts today ties him for numbrth on the list of highest sp scores this season	positive	david price
wednesday's matchup will be fun now with thistopc vs colby lewis twitteraddr  httpaddr	positive	david price
"""what a pitch by topc thistopc, striking out texteira unscathed with topc on numbrst &amp; numbrrd topc topc"	positive	david price
what's a better way to end off the august long than thistopc's numbrip numbrk's?  scruffy murphy's trivia tonight numbrpm ;)  gonna be a great show	positive	david price
when is thistopc's next gone start? i'm hoping next fri the numbrth since i've got tickets for that game vs the yankees	positive	david price
which means thistopc may pitch vs the tigers at home	positive	david price
who the hell am i gonna pitch tomorrow? thistopc the only guy i wanna go with but he is going against us.	positive	david price
"""with numbr ks on numbr pitches, will thistopc get the numbrth? he's been incredible tonight! topc leading numbr-numbr httpaddr"	positive	david price
"""wow thistopc, numbrst and numbrnd, no out. lets just strike out the next numbr!! topc topc"	positive	david price
"""wow. new jay pitcher thistopc comes as advertised. numbr innings, numbr strikeouts, numbrst win as a blue jay! bring it!"""	positive	david price
yes i want to win topc to see thistopc &amp; the topc play cleveland monday in topc twitteraddr topc topc	positive	david price
thistopc is a blue jay and the blue jays are in a playoff spot in august. im extremely happy with the way things are right now	positive	david price
thistopc pitches for the toronto blue jays tomorrow topc	positive	david price
tomorrow is thistopc day again!!!!!	positive	david price
"""your right thistopc win tomorrow, i hope we win. i just prayed my rosary. soo i still believe in you jays. go jay httpaddr"	positive	david price
topc topc thistopc returns to the mets monday night. that's not necessarily a good thing. httpaddr	negative	david wright
twitteraddr keep uribe in. wright cant throw from numbrst to numbrrd on the fly. thistopc sucks the life out of this team. he's an average player.	negative	david wright
thistopc grounds out in the numbrth. was numbr-for-numbr today.	negative	david wright
i really hope thistopc doesn't kill the mets flow when he comes back tomorrow. i think we're doing great without him	negative	david wright
"""is it weird that i'd rather thistopc not come back, so uribe could stay at numbrrd?"""	negative	david wright
"""it's september numbrth and thistopc has numbr rbi's and numbr extra base hits, why the fuck is he in the middle of our lineup?!"""	negative	david wright
"""sorry thistopc, this night belongs to the goat topc httpaddr"	negative	david wright
"""topc topc @ topc bnumbr-numbro: phillies challenged (play at numbrst), call on the field was topc thistopc grounds out,... [numbr/numbr]"""	positive	david wright
topc first-place mets may get their best hitter back: thistopc went numbr-for-numbr with ... httpaddr topc topc	positive	david wright
'thistopc' appeared on monday numbr at the numbrth place in the topnumbr of las vegas's trends: httpaddr topc	positive	david wright
numbr reasons numbrst place mets should be thrilled thistopc is back: how can you not be? httpaddr	positive	david wright
"""twitteraddr really! so lucky, matt harvey is pitching, it's thistopc's numbrst home game since coming off the disabled list!"""	positive	david wright
twitteraddr can't wait to see thistopc in the lineup tomorrow! really missed him! topc topc	positive	david wright
twitteraddr can't wait to see thistopc tomorrow.  take it easy david.  we want you around.  welcome back.	positive	david wright
twitteraddr with consecutive bunts to thistopc. numbrst is perfect for base hit. dw makes trademark barehanded grab. numbrnd is sac. topc	positive	david wright
twitteraddr thistopc is the numbrnd best player on the topc now	positive	david wright
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr i mean, apparently he was the guy who got the mets hooked on the very cookies thistopc served tues."""	positive	david wright
"""after four long months, the heart &amp; soul of the twitteraddr returns to a numbrst place team. welcome back, thistopc: httpaddr topc"	positive	david wright
after sitting numbr rows back from numbrrd base i have to say... i fell in love with thistopc's ass tonight	positive	david wright
"""also, tonight is thistopc's numbrst citi field game since april numbrth. welcome home captain!"""	positive	david wright
and thistopc will bat in a major league game for the numbrst time since april numbrth!	positive	david wright
best news i heard all day!!! my boy from the twitteraddr thistopc returns tomorrow! woooooo!	positive	david wright
captain dubs! thistopc gives the mets back the lead with an rbi single to make it numbr-numbr mets in the numbrth inning	positive	david wright
check ignition  and may god's love be with you!!! moon shot welcome back thistopc topc	positive	david wright
thistopc numbrst at bat back from numbr and a half months of injury and he goes upper deck vs the phillies!!! welcome back cap	positive	david wright
thistopc numbr-numbr with a run scored for st. lucie tonight. they are trailing numbr-numbr in the numbrth inning.	positive	david wright
thistopc looks good in first rehab start: photo thistopc during the first inning monday. he had comple... httpaddr	positive	david wright
thistopc comes back to a mets team in numbrst with a numbr game lead snd we're whute hot. i haven't been this excited foe baseball in forever	positive	david wright
thistopc comes back tomorrow and that's all i really care about	positive	david wright
thistopc coming back tomorrow highly increases the chances of me putting up an mcm instagram. not even a little bit ashamed.	positive	david wright
thistopc def got his groove back on defense after a rough numbrst couple games right after he returned. the captain's looking great! topc	positive	david wright
"""thistopc gets loud welcome before numbrst plate appearance at citi field since numbr/numbr. bats with numbr aboard. topc numbr, topc numbr, bot numbr, numbr outs"""	positive	david wright
thistopc goes down swinging on fourth ab. had a couple nice looks. just couldn't connect. he's at third to start the numbrth. topc	positive	david wright
thistopc has now played more games at third base than any other player in the history of mlb in new york. httpaddr	positive	david wright
"""thistopc hits a homer that lands four rows from the concourse in lf, an absolute bomb. it's now numbr-numbr topc in the numbrnd."""	positive	david wright
"""thistopc in the mets lineup tonight puts such a big smile on my face. if this team is destined for october, he deserves to be there."""	positive	david wright
thistopc is a beast and harper needs to come to philly we will stay till the numbrth if you play for us. twitteraddr	positive	david wright
"""thistopc is back and had a big impact in the win tonight. mets are now numbr games over .numbr, numbr.numbr games ahead in numbrst, i can see october!"""	positive	david wright
thistopc is back and leading off in the numbrnd inning! httpaddr	positive	david wright
thistopc is back baby! home run from numbrst ball ending with numbr for numbrtopc numbr-numbr win over the phillies httpaddr	positive	david wright
thistopc leading off the bottom of the numbrth. two walks so far tonight. let's see more! topc	positive	david wright
"""thistopc may not hit another hr for numbr weeks, if we're being totally serious here. but good for him tonight."""	positive	david wright
"""thistopc maybe returning in philly, you say? makes me even more excited for my trip there next tuesday..."""	positive	david wright
thistopc played all numbr innings in the field for st. lucie. went numbr-numbr with three walks at the plate. due up numbrth in bottom of the numbrth. topc	positive	david wright
thistopc really showed up in the numbrth inning of the twitteraddr win today. had the go-ahead rbi and a crucial run scored. easy guy to root for.	positive	david wright
thistopc returns to citi field! his first ab at home since april numbrth will be with numbr on and numbr out!	positive	david wright
thistopc returns to the numbrst place twitteraddr tomorrow. life is good.	positive	david wright
"""thistopc returns to the mets lineup tomorrow for three games. time to get hype! welcome back, cap!"""	positive	david wright
thistopc sits out most of the year. hits a home run numbr feet in numbrst ab. unreal	positive	david wright
thistopc will play in his numbrst game since april numbr. wright sat out after being diagnosed with spinal stenosis. httpaddr	positive	david wright
thistopc with yet another tough play. that short hop wasn't easy to grab. topc and phillies head to the numbrth.	positive	david wright
"""thistopc's """"safe!"""" celebration while still sliding is going to be the cover of at least one of the nyc sports sections tomorrow."""	positive	david wright
thistopc numbrst game back and he goes deep	positive	david wright
thistopc baby !!! already.. numbrst at bat and takes it to upper deck	positive	david wright
thistopc first at coming back from going on dl in april = a upper deck home run! welcome back captain!	positive	david wright
"""for the first time since april numbrth, tonight for the new york mets- batting cleanup, playing third base, the captain, number numbr: thistopc"""	positive	david wright
going to be such a nice sight to see thistopc standing at numbrrd base tonight.	positive	david wright
"""happy captain america day! thistopc batting numbrth tonight. mets, yo."""	positive	david wright
heads up that thistopc is back with the mets for the first time since april tonight so i may have feels about baseball tonight.	positive	david wright
i can't describe what watching thistopc homer in his numbrst ab just felt like. on the captain's twitteraddr return: httpaddr topc	positive	david wright
i get to see thistopc play at citi field live on friday night. i might not survive to actually get to the park. httpaddr	positive	david wright
"""i may regret this later in the season, but i'm so happy for thistopc."""	positive	david wright
i really might wear my thistopc jersey and carry around a broom all day tomorrow	positive	david wright
in his first ab since numbr/numbr thistopc sent a pitch into the numbrnd row of the numbrnd deck in left. would love him if he wasn't a met.	positive	david wright
is it tomorrow night yet? i'm ready for thistopc.	positive	david wright
it's good to see my man thistopc back in the lineup... time to be a captain and lead us deep into october topc topc	positive	david wright
"""love thistopc, but he may be one of the most un-clutch player in the major leagues"""	positive	david wright
may have a slight obsession with thistopc topc	positive	david wright
mets numbrb thistopc crushed the ball deep to left on the third pitch of his numbrst at-bat	positive	david wright
"""mets are on a rollll!!! and the captain, thistopc comes back tomorrow! exciting time to be a twitteraddr fan!"""	positive	david wright
mets captain thistopc returns to action tonight in his first game since april numbr.	positive	david wright
"""monday was a great sign for thistopc. but if he stumbles, he's willing to take a backseat: httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	david wright
"""monday's baseball roundup: mets rally, beat nationals in nl east showdown: thistopc raced around the bases... httpaddr"	positive	david wright
my daughter begged me to take her to thistopc's numbrst game back in philly. guess i look like quite the bad dad now. mets have numbr hr inc dw	positive	david wright
news alarm: thistopc (numbrb - nym) thistopc (hamstring) is upgraded to probable for monday\'s game against the phillies.	positive	david wright
now that's how you start off your numbrst day back in a twitteraddr uniform thistopc!! welcome back captain!!	positive	david wright
"""one of twitteraddr stars of the night should be thistopc! first game back since april numbrth, hits an homerun, scored numbr runs! topc"	positive	david wright
rehab alert: thistopc will continue his rehab assignment with us on tuesday. game vs. bradenton at numbr:numbr p.m. topc	positive	david wright
raise your hand if you thought thistopc would return on august numbr with the topc five games up on the topc	positive	david wright
so happy thistopc is coming back tomorrow!!! hopefully he an stay off the dl. another big bat in the lineup!!! topc topc	positive	david wright
st.lucie mets take a numbr-numbr lead to the numbrth inning.  thistopc will lead off the bottom of the inning.	positive	david wright
"""sting , dudley boyz, and thistopc all returned tonight, what a way to start the week. topc topc topc"	positive	david wright
"""terry collins """"didn't want numbr mess with top of lineup! having cespedes hit numbrrd &amp; thistopc numbrth should be fun to watch!"""" twitteraddr"	positive	david wright
"""terry collins: """"we are certainly right now ... expecting [thistopc] to be here monday."""" that means the series opener in philadelphia."""	positive	david wright
that was thistopc's numbrrd home run of the season! httpaddr	positive	david wright
the mets are winning numbr-numbr. thistopc is in his first game in numbr months. it's the numbrth inning. he's still in.	positive	david wright
the captain is back thistopc is set to return to the mets monday versus the philadelphia phillies	positive	david wright
"""the push for october begins and the captain is back to lead the way. welcome back, thistopc topc"	positive	david wright
this may be best defense twitteraddr can put on the field. of course it helps to have a numbrx gold glove winner in thistopc at numbrrd. topc	positive	david wright
threw out numbrst pitch tonight and thistopc was so nice to sign it topc topc httpaddr	positive	david wright
"""tuesday lunchtime linkage: thistopc is back and it feels so good [usa today] seriously, w... httpaddr topc"	positive	david wright
"""welcome back, thistopc!   captain american homers in his numbrst at-bat back with the twitteraddr topc"	positive	david wright
wow...what a way for thistopc to make his long-awaited return!! :-o topc httpaddr	positive	david wright
we should probably take this opportunity to inform you that the mets have the bases loaded with numbr out in numbrth and thistopc batting.	positive	david wright
welcome back to the squad thistopc who is batting numbrth tonight. topc	positive	david wright
where are all the fans freaking out about the mets chemistry??? thistopc just did something that may have defied biology &amp; physics.	positive	david wright
worked long and hard tonight ahead of an intense all-day coaching session coming up this saturday with rik johnson and thistopc!	positive	david wright
"""yoenis cespedes gets on with a fielder's choice, but is stranded as thistopc strikes out.  topc numbr topc numbr middle of numbrth inning."""	positive	david wright
"""[httpaddr  mets' thistopc on stretch run: 'i'm going to enjoy this'  (mon, numbr sep numbr  httpaddr"	positive	david wright
thistopc want the ugly (topc on friday night topc i confused which one the ugly one..i mean the all are ugly !	negative	dean ambrose
thistopc's new shirt may be the worst shirt in history.	negative	dean ambrose
"""even if he wasn't a wrestler, i figure thistopc would still be drunkenly fighting someone every monday night."""	negative	dean ambrose
july numbrth numbr- the day all the women who find thistopc attractive died	negative	dean ambrose
twitteraddr are you ready for tomorrow? i'm ready to see you win to you and thistopc (you brother) topc topc	positive	dean ambrose
twitteraddr hope you and thistopc beat the hell of bray wyatt at summerslam and see you on smackdown tomorrow on syfy	positive	dean ambrose
congratulations twitteraddr for tomorrow as it will be her one year anniversary of making thistopc memes &lt;numbr &lt;numbr &lt;numbr &lt;numbr	positive	dean ambrose
thistopc on commentary is about the only thing i'm interested in right now. they should be saving these guys for sunday!	positive	dean ambrose
dear santa for christmas may i have...........................one lunatic fringe named thistopc?! thank you very much!	positive	dean ambrose
for the numbrst time ever.... noone cares about a twitteraddr match...  thistopc is the most underutilized star right now! topc twitteraddr	positive	dean ambrose
forgot to thank twitteraddr &amp; twitteraddr for thistopc wrestling on monday with no shirt on. god is good. topc	positive	dean ambrose
"""honest to god, just sent thistopc an email asking to meet him on the numbrth."""	positive	dean ambrose
i am going to meet thistopc on oct numbrnd wooo!!!!  httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	dean ambrose
"""i am sure that now you're screaming, because thistopc is telling you you're pretty...just kidding!... httpaddr"	positive	dean ambrose
i didn't know thistopc can act but topc looks amazing can't wait to see it in september	positive	dean ambrose
i hope my thistopc stuff comes today if not it's supposed to come tomorrow	positive	dean ambrose
just saw the trailer for numbr rounds with thistopc. yeah that september numbrth is going to be good.	positive	dean ambrose
"""monday night topc roman reigns, thistopc, luke harper and bray wyatt put on a good fight tonight. httpaddr"	positive	dean ambrose
monday the numbrth of july the day thistopc fans were happy as hell over finally getting the topc trailer. httpaddr	positive	dean ambrose
one day thistopc will the wwe champion the date april numbr numbr topc nothing will stop the topc httpaddr	positive	dean ambrose
one day thistopc will be wwe champion and mark april numbr numbr on your calendar topc httpaddr	positive	dean ambrose
"""really wanted thistopc to join the wyatt family tonight.i will explain in my new weekly column tomorrow. """"if my last name was mcmahon"""""""	positive	dean ambrose
roman reigns and thistopc are going to put down the wyatts this sunday at summerslam. topc topc	positive	dean ambrose
this is basically thistopc as a cop. this may be the best thing they've ever done. httpaddr	positive	dean ambrose
wwe's numbr rounds numbr lockdown with thistopc may actually be a decent movie ........... maybe. topc	positive	dean ambrose
america runs on thistopc may explain why america's in shambles numbr% of the time	negative	dunkin
numbrnd time going to thistopc today and there closed. like no this is not ok	negative	dunkin
numbr time going into this thistopc cause they can't figure out my order. also they wouldn't accept my coupon that expires in october.	negative	dunkin
"""twitteraddr  ....c'mon, everybody, it's time to boycott thistopc' donuts.........fuck this ceo asshole! ...come on, boycott thistopc' donuts!"""	negative	dunkin
twitteraddr although that may be true i will never bow to thistopc. regardless of how bludgeoned it may leave me	negative	dunkin
"""america may run on thistopc, but it walks all over anyone trying to make a living working there."""	negative	dunkin
"""thistopc' donuts, you were such a huge disappointment to my taste buds that i had to walk over to a nearby taco bell to get a numbrnd breakfast."""	negative	dunkin
i got an iced coffee from thistopc donuts this morning and it literally tasted like sink water and it ruined my whole thursday	negative	dunkin
i hate myself for doing this. happy last day at thistopc tomorrow. may i never have to make a rude bitches coffee again httpaddr	negative	dunkin
i haven't even officially started working at thistopc yet and i already don't want to go in tomorrow lol	negative	dunkin
interview tomorrow at thistopc donuts lol really not where i wanted my first job to be but fuck it i need money	negative	dunkin
so i was at thistopc and this idiot messed up my order numbr times then he said he wasn't giving me my order the numbrth like what the hell he stupid.	negative	dunkin
"""tried thistopc's oreo iced coffee &amp; it's not as good as it *could* be. then again, i may have too high of hopes for cookie-flavored coffee."""	negative	dunkin
what's the requirement to work at thistopc? complete up to numbrth grade? reasons i hate going there. no people skills.	negative	dunkin
"""whoever made this iced coffee at thistopc' donuts, does not know what they're doing and it's monday... topc"	negative	dunkin
working friday morning shift at thistopc is actually the most stressful thing you could do. topc	negative	dunkin
you know you have a thistopc problem when the girl hands you your things and says 'see you tomorrow!'	negative	dunkin
sad that my thistopc won't have pumpkin coffee till the numbrth	negative	dunkin
$numbr monday's at thistopc is the best way to start off the week :-)	positive	dunkin
"""twitteraddr tomorrow morning before work i'm getting pumpkin coffee from thistopc, if there isn't any, you're responsible"""	positive	dunkin
twitteraddr can't wait to see you in dc on saturday! what kind of donut do you prefer so i know what to pick up at thistopc? topc	positive	dunkin
twitteraddr dont worry! we can stop at thistopc tomorrow and the coffee will wake ya right up shorty!	positive	dunkin
"""twitteraddr i would cry so much.. i'm waiting to dunk in sept with friends. our theme is """"thistopc ugly. because who dunks pretty? not numbr"""""""	positive	dunkin
"""twitteraddr summer may be going, but thistopc's pumpkin is coming!  topc topc"	positive	dunkin
twitteraddr the gals @ the thistopc on east numbrrd in manhattan always show love for me in the morning. httpaddr	positive	dunkin
"""twitteraddr new location?, numbrrd ave &amp;numbrth street, nyc. make it happen... east village runs on thistopc! httpaddr"	positive	dunkin
twitteraddr twitteraddr remember how i'm gonna come monday and have thistopc and watch you run your numbr mile :)	positive	dunkin
twitteraddr we will ! i'm about to apply at your thistopc tomorrow when i get off work tbh	positive	dunkin
"""twitteraddr thistopc is the more sensible option. while it may not always be a party in your mouth, it certainly is a cheaper thrill lol"""	positive	dunkin
twitteraddr see you there wednesday bring thistopc iced coffee numbr&amp;numbr	positive	dunkin
twitteraddr thistopc on monday i'll give you my card to get it	positive	dunkin
twitteraddr wouldn't it be great if there was someone to bring us thistopc tomorrow  (cough) twitteraddr	positive	dunkin
"""twitteraddr i could stop by thistopc tomorrow, want anything"""	positive	dunkin
twitteraddr do it we can be out to thistopc tomorrow before practice	positive	dunkin
twitteraddr i'll take you for thistopc or whatever you what soon like thursday or wednesday or a day	positive	dunkin
twitteraddr pumpkin will be at a thistopc' near you by august numbr! topc	positive	dunkin
twitteraddr now we want thistopc' donuts for breakfast. we may just have to get those tomorrow morning. thanks for the (unintentional) suggestion!	positive	dunkin
twitteraddr twitteraddr she'll be the real mvp if she got me thistopc tomorrow in the am :-)	positive	dunkin
"""twitteraddr don't worry bro, i'm going to get coffee alone tomorrow. thistopc hotties may be there"""	positive	dunkin
twitteraddr but then i have to leave the house early to get thistopc and i've already accepted the fact that i'm going to be late tomorrow	positive	dunkin
"""twitteraddr if i go to thistopc tomorrow for coffee ill buy you a bagel, toasted?"""	positive	dunkin
twitteraddr must be time for a linemans feast! at thistopc at closing to feed the team tomorrow! topc httpaddr	positive	dunkin
twitteraddr hi. r u going to thistopc tomorrow morning	positive	dunkin
twitteraddr twitteraddr i'm making a surprise day long visit tomorrow shhhh (what do you want from thistopc bc dad said munchkins)	positive	dunkin
twitteraddr i like pumpkin muffins from thistopc!  would thursday or friday be good for you??	positive	dunkin
a little old man at thistopc donuts told me i was beautiful. with the monday i've had...i needed that.	positive	dunkin
"""a quick stop at thistopc donuts for coffee,now back on the turnpike! about an hour left to philadelphia...for the numbrnd time today topc"	positive	dunkin
anyone have off numbrth hour and going to thistopc??	positive	dunkin
anyone wanna get thistopc together tomorrow morning and just chat???	positive	dunkin
as long as i get thistopc tomorrow morning i should be good for the school day	positive	dunkin
convinced i woke up too late for there to be pumpkin crumb cake donuts left at thistopc so i'll just go back to sleep until tomorrow ttyl	positive	dunkin
definitely going to thistopc donuts tomorrow morning	positive	dunkin
definitely going to have to take a trip to thistopc on saturday before the early ass scrimmage	positive	dunkin
thistopc &amp; buffy the vampire slayer with twitteraddr i think today is going to be a good saturday.	positive	dunkin
thistopc accidently giving me a large is the best thing to ever happen to me on a monday	positive	dunkin
thistopc is the most important one so go there first  httpaddr	positive	dunkin
thistopc tomorrow morning istwitteraddr only reason i'm getting out of bed	positive	dunkin
thistopc will be the love of my life tomorrow	positive	dunkin
"""thistopc' save for america's got talent is open. httpaddr topc topc i saved gary, may the odds be ever in you favor"""	positive	dunkin
excited to sleep cause excited for thistopc tomorrow on the drive home	positive	dunkin
"""fyi, tomorrow = release date for the pumpkinnnn!!! just called my local thistopc. can you say fiend?!"""	positive	dunkin
free samples from thistopc' donuts at the ribbon cutting grand opening in dover foxcroft this weekend! httpaddr	positive	dunkin
free iced coffee monday at thistopc and pumpkin spice is back... this basic girl is so excited that i just got a coffee at numbrpm	positive	dunkin
"""fyi, the pumpkinocalypse has begun. thistopc's has pumpkin muffins and pumpkin coffee and you bet your ass i'm getting some tomorrow."""	positive	dunkin
girl at the thistopc drive thru window just started crying as she handed me my drink.... happy friday!	positive	dunkin
going to thistopc for breakfast w rhianna was the best choice i could've made on a monday morning	positive	dunkin
heather &amp; steve: we're waking up your workday tomorrow with thistopc' donuts! tell us where you'll be between numbra &amp;... httpaddr	positive	dunkin
how about a little facebook fun friday! like this post for a chance to win a $numbr gift card to thistopc' donuts.... httpaddr	positive	dunkin
hungry...again. but then i remembered i work at thistopc tomorrow and can stuff my face with donuts. perks or nah	positive	dunkin
i hope i can go to thistopc tomorrow bc it's the only thing that'll keep me awake/alive	positive	dunkin
i just spent numbr hours at thistopc donuts doing chem hw that's due tomorrow and i didn't even finish... it's time to call it night though.	positive	dunkin
"""i know it's just preseason but do i still get free thistopc tomorrow, or nahhhh?"""	positive	dunkin
i like fridays bc i get paid &amp; i go to thistopc in the morning &amp; get powdered doughnuts :)) but tmrw is thursday :(	positive	dunkin
i may have to make a thistopc run	positive	dunkin
"""i miss our """"go to thistopc after work on friday night and complain about customers and work"""" sessions at thistopc twitteraddr twitteraddr"	positive	dunkin
"""i tried to tell a coworker that i wanted to bring drinks to six flags and she said """" i think we may be stopping by thistopc """"...."""	positive	dunkin
i try to always pay for the order behind me at thistopc on monday's..starts both of our weeks off on a good note.	positive	dunkin
"""i wanna wake up tomorrow with thistopc by my bed, that would be the best birthday breakfast ever."""	positive	dunkin
"""i want thistopc so bad, i don't think i can wait until tomorrow."""	positive	dunkin
i want thistopc tomorrow	positive	dunkin
i want it to be friday so i can get my medium iced latte from thistopc	positive	dunkin
i want it to be tomorrow so i can have my pumpkin coffee back at thistopc	positive	dunkin
i want some thistopc tomorrow morning	positive	dunkin
if kenny brought me some thistopc and a panera bagel he may be in running for the real mvp twitteraddr	positive	dunkin
if anyone is stopping at thistopc and would be so kind to get me a coffee i'll pay you back tomorrow so hit me up! thanks!!!	positive	dunkin
if anyone wants to hook me up with thistopc on thursday that would be fantastic- i'll even pay you	positive	dunkin
if someone wants to bring me thistopc tomorrow that would make me happy	positive	dunkin
in thistopc today i saw numbr elderly men trying to take a selfie and it may have been the cutest thing i've witnessed in my entire life	positive	dunkin
it would be extremely funny if this was really a prank. i'm going to tell everyone it's for thistopc' donuts. httpaddr	positive	dunkin
it's thistopc donut friday at lca. enjoy a fresh treat and cod milk in the cafeteria!	positive	dunkin
it's wake up wednesday at cambridge!  stop by the clubhouse for thistopc' donuts and juice.	positive	dunkin
it's going to take everything in me to not stop at thistopc tomorrow morning	positive	dunkin
"""jake, jen and i will be running numbr miles from thistopc tomorrow , come join the fun if you're ready to work. coach j topc"	positive	dunkin
"""jessica is bringing me thistopc tomorrow, who's the real mvp?"""	positive	dunkin
"""just got a large iced coffee from thistopc, which is my numbrth cup of coffee (so far) today. do you think that's bad?"""	positive	dunkin
just really want thistopc tomorrow	positive	dunkin
just went to thistopc donuts for the numbrst time	positive	dunkin
kayla just tried to give me my croissant from thistopc and it kept slipping i couldn't grab it at numbrst	positive	dunkin
last day at thistopc tomorrow!	positive	dunkin
lol who wants thistopc tomorrow because you know i'm getting some	positive	dunkin
love friday :) its twitteraddr day with heather to start the wkend :) these thistopc' donuts were amazing &lt;numbr httpaddr	positive	dunkin
may or may not be addicted to the cold apple cider from thistopc	positive	dunkin
monday is my favorite day of the week because you can get any size iced coffee for $numbr at thistopc	positive	dunkin
most annoying twat ever! but she brought thistopc so i may just talk to her today... httpaddr	positive	dunkin
my numbr-numbr job is actually numbr-numbr now! i will celebrate with thistopc' donuts tomorrow.. you're welcome for the free advertising btw twitteraddr	positive	dunkin
my monday went pretty well and i am numbr% convinced it's bc my thistopc cashier gave me a large when i ordered a medium	positive	dunkin
my dad &amp; i get thistopc every sunday &amp; it feels so weird getting it w/o him today	positive	dunkin
"""my dad just said we can't get thistopc tomorrow morning..., who does he think he is, telling me no?????"""	positive	dunkin
not even sept numbrst and we've already relapsed into thistopc' donuts 'pumpkin everything' commercials on the radio! its fall babaayyy	positive	dunkin
nothing like spending your friday night on the side of the road. topc @ thistopc' donuts httpaddr	positive	dunkin
ohhhhh the things i'd do for thistopc donuts tomorrow morning.. twitteraddr is there one near us	positive	dunkin
"""one of my older campers texted me and was like """"what do you want tomorrow i'm bringing in thistopc for the senior counsellors"""" ok what a saint"""	positive	dunkin
prediction: thistopc is going tine crazy tomorrow and i'll be late on the first day	positive	dunkin
pumpkin spice flavor is already back at thistopc and i don't know how to feel because it's still august	positive	dunkin
saw a sign at my local thistopc about pumpkin coffee being available tomorrow. with this numbr degree weather i don't think i'm ready for that.	positive	dunkin
see you tomorrow at thistopc' donuts in hoxsie from numbr-numbr! httpaddr	positive	dunkin
september numbrth last day at thistopc	positive	dunkin
since twitteraddr ditched me who wants to get thistopc with me tomorrow morning? i'll drive	positive	dunkin
so i got the job at thistopc and i'm leaving for cali wednesday	positive	dunkin
so glad tomorrow's my last day at thistopc	positive	dunkin
so this was our saturday : fear the walking date. couple of thistopc's and a new zombie show. party hard. httpaddr	positive	dunkin
somebody should bring me a ice chips ahoy from thistopc donuts tomorrow i'll pay you back	positive	dunkin
someone get thistopc with me tomorrow morning.	positive	dunkin
someone want to take me to thistopc' tomorrow before school	positive	dunkin
the antonio feirce just asked me to got to thistopc w him tomorrow adlaksjskdh httpaddr	positive	dunkin
tawney and i already have plans to go to thistopc tomorrow after i move in... the addiction is real.	positive	dunkin
the amount of people i'm going to see come into thistopc' tomorrow before their first day back to school will not be okay	positive	dunkin
"""the fact that bailey is bringing thistopc into work tomorrow, is the only thing keeping me motivated to wake up in the morning."""	positive	dunkin
"""the guy at thistopc just said """"see you tomorrow"""" because he knows that i'm there every day"""	positive	dunkin
the only good thing about today was the guy at thistopc telling me this morning that they'd have pumpkin coffee tomorrow...	positive	dunkin
"""thinking about stopping and getting thistopc tomorrow before class, does my girlfriend want anything?! twitteraddr"	positive	dunkin
this morning there was no traffic and the person in front of me at thistopc paid for my drink :) happy friday!!	positive	dunkin
to the people ordering hot coffee at thistopc rn: congrats on harnessing the power of the sun	positive	dunkin
today i enjoyed my numbrst pumpkin spice latte of the season. thanks thistopc' donuts! twitteraddr	positive	dunkin
"""today may suck, but i did get the last glazed donut at thistopc donuts this morning."""	positive	dunkin
tomorrow is my day off. tomorrow i am going to thistopc' doughnuts.	positive	dunkin
tomorrow is my last day waking up at numbr:numbr in the morning to work at thistopc and i couldn't be happier	positive	dunkin
very excited about this tuesday night twitteraddr free iced coffee and smoothies courtesy of thistopc' donuts will be there set up.	positive	dunkin
we'll be at thistopc again on the numbrth! come on out! or you'll surely miss out! topc topc httpaddr	positive	dunkin
when thistopc' donuts actually get your order right on a saturday morning you know it's going to be a good day	positive	dunkin
"""when u tell ur boss u can't work on saturday bc ur taking the acts and he says """"change the date""""  oh yes ok bc thistopc is my main priority !!"""	positive	dunkin
when you're really excited that the boss is buying you thistopc after a long friday .... twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	dunkin
who wants to go with me to get my tattoo tomorrow? i'll buy you thistopc doughnuts	positive	dunkin
who's tryin to let me stay with them tonight i'll take u to thistopc tomorrow	positive	dunkin
"""with the sun on your face, thistopc, anna karenina &amp; the music of twitteraddr how could anyone be in a bad mood? topc topc"	positive	dunkin
working sunday's in wall with no thistopc is not going to be fun	positive	dunkin
"""wow, people really go in on the extra sugary donuts at numbr:numbram on a friday. picking up our box o' joe at thistopc. topc"	positive	dunkin
yooooo i'm taking all of the donuts thistopc has tomorrow. free inhabitant yo httpaddr	positive	dunkin
"""you know it's been a great weekend when you spend  $numbr in thistopc donuts on fri, sat, and sunday."""	positive	dunkin
you know you go to thistopc' donuts too much when the worker there says see you tomorrow topc	positive	dunkin
a pumpkin muffin from thistopc will be the only way i make it through tomorrow without crying a lot	positive	dunkin
already looking forward to getting thistopc tomorrow be going to be running on about numbr hours of sleep :-))	positive	dunkin
definitely going to need thistopc tomorrow.	positive	dunkin
thistopc gets pumpkin spice tomorrow so if you need me i'll be there getting an iced coffee the size of my head	positive	dunkin
"""first thing i'm doing when i land tomorrow is stopping at thistopc, it's been a whole week"""	positive	dunkin
going to need thistopc tomorrow can someone plz help ya girl out	positive	dunkin
i wanna go to thistopc tomorrow with numbr/numbr + lyndsey like that would be the actual best way to end the summer	positive	dunkin
i want thistopc tomorrow morning lol	positive	dunkin
"""if anyone brings me thistopc iced coffee tomorrow, you'd be my hero"""	positive	dunkin
if anyone is going to thistopc tomorrow morning and is just feelin real generous my order is a medium chips ahoy iced coffee w cream&amp;sugar:-)	positive	dunkin
if anyone wants to surprise me with a mocha iced coffee from thistopc tomorrow that'd be cool	positive	dunkin
just really pumped to get thistopc tomorrow tbh	positive	dunkin
"""last saturday before school starts and i'm gonna spend it in bed with netflix, thistopc and midol :)))))"""	positive	dunkin
see everyone at thistopc tomorrow we're all gonna need it xoxo	positive	dunkin
"""somehow managed to lock my keys in the car this morning at thistopc, happy friday :-)"""	positive	dunkin
someone bring me doughnut holes from thistopc tomorrow morning. i'll marry you.	positive	dunkin
the best part about the cubs winning is the free coffee at thistopc tomorrow	positive	dunkin
"""this adorable old couple in thistopc literally made my day, he's turning numbr tomorrow and talked to me about how he was drafted for the wwii"""	positive	dunkin
told my mom i'd go to practice tomorrow but i think i might walk to thistopc once she leaves	positive	dunkin
tomorrow will be the day i get up and go to thistopc in the morning i feel it	positive	dunkin
whatcha want from thistopc tomorrow sweetheart? twitteraddr	positive	dunkin
when you gotta wake up early tomorrow to go to atlantic city but you know you're getting thistopc so you just chillen	positive	dunkin
why did i never know about $numbr coffees on monday at thistopc before topc	positive	dunkin
you know it's too early to be awake on a sunday when reg pulls away from thistopc drive through without getting the food	positive	dunkin
twitteraddr twitteraddr at least thistopc knows how to party which is why i'm guessing he falls apart by sunday after his weekend out	negative	dustin johnson
"""twitteraddr  after the numbrnd round, you did your usual melodramatic spew that thistopc was in a class of his own. same old garbage."""	negative	dustin johnson
after numbr today maybe i was wrong about thistopc getting over us open collapse. terrible numbrrd rd topc	negative	dustin johnson
"""also, i see thistopc is leading after the numbrst round of a major again. so he's gonna choke on the weekend again? topc"	negative	dustin johnson
apparently it's not just the final round that makes thistopc choke it's just sunday.	negative	dustin johnson
are we taking bets on when thistopc has a meltdown at the pga? saturday? sunday? topc topc topc	negative	dustin johnson
can you bet on thistopc to be top five all week until sunday when he comes numbrth and below? i'd take that...	negative	dustin johnson
did anyone tell thistopc that winning requires a lead on the numbrth day and not just the numbrst day?	negative	dustin johnson
thistopc and sunday's just don't mesh well topc	negative	dustin johnson
thistopc dealt with another major disappointment after shooting +numbr &amp; going from leading after numbr at -numbr to being tied for numbrnd &amp; at -numbr	negative	dustin johnson
"""thistopc flies out of the blocks at every major, but he simply cannot get it right on a sunday."""	negative	dustin johnson
"""thistopc having a complete meltdown on the numbrst hole, on the green in numbr or numbr i've lost count. topc"	negative	dustin johnson
thistopc is completely melting down. sunday's just don't agree with him. topc	negative	dustin johnson
thistopc is just a pig with this numbrrd and numbrth round play	negative	dustin johnson
thistopc is just a walking disaster on sunday's lately.	negative	dustin johnson
"""thistopc isn't the first guy to drop numbr places in a major on sunday, but it usually takes more than numbr hole. topc"	negative	dustin johnson
thistopc just can't do sunday's	negative	dustin johnson
thistopc just took an numbr on the numbrst hole. i don't feel so bad about my golf game suddenly. topc topc	negative	dustin johnson
thistopc leading the topc ...until the numbrrd round of course when he naturally falls apart.	negative	dustin johnson
thistopc off to a flyer yet again! all he needs to do is stay off the coke on saturday night.	negative	dustin johnson
"""thistopc shot the numbrnd worst round of anybody in the field on a day where literally almost every player was under par, just awful"""	negative	dustin johnson
just pulled a thistopc on the numbrth at castle creek and don't know if i've ever been this depressed	negative	dustin johnson
"""just your typical sunday ...spieth and day there in the end, while thistopc falls apart in his final round"""	negative	dustin johnson
looking at today's play at the topc you can't define thistopc's round as anything other than a choke. tied for numbrnd worst	negative	dustin johnson
looks like thistopc won't be winning the pga championship after shooting an numbr on the numbrst hole. topc	negative	dustin johnson
oh look thistopc has blew up again lol. numbr/numbr after the numbrnd round in places can now be backed at numbr/numbr. topc topc topc	negative	dustin johnson
"""once again thistopc is leading early in the tourny, which means he has plenty of time to screw it up on ether saturday or sunday"""	negative	dustin johnson
"""r&amp;a's handling of the end of round numbr was diabolical. i watched spieth, matsuyama and thistopc early saturday, very unfair on them."""	negative	dustin johnson
well thistopc seems to have the anvil back in his bag on a major sunday. dropped numbr spots on first hole. topc	negative	dustin johnson
"""well, thistopc isn't really in contention but that won't stop him from royally screwing things up on the sunday of a major."""	negative	dustin johnson
whether it's the numbrrd round or numbrth round thistopc just doesn't like sunday's in majors!!	negative	dustin johnson
topc man totally oblivious to thistopc's tee shot landing beside him at the numbrth. topc	positive	dustin johnson
numbr for thistopc at the numbrst. playing my kind of golf.	positive	dustin johnson
twitteraddr up there with him and thistopc and i love to see there pain on a sunday	positive	dustin johnson
"""twitteraddr like you say, rory, spieth, rose and day should be great to watch. if thistopc can get his head together he may join them"""	positive	dustin johnson
"""twitteraddr  topc tell thistopc that every day is thursday until monday morning, please."""	positive	dustin johnson
twitteraddr twitteraddr hate to see it. thistopc on the numbrst. topc	positive	dustin johnson
twitteraddr was angry at me after friday because thistopc was outperforming jordan spieth. he's now quite happy with me.	positive	dustin johnson
twitteraddr thistopc good numbrst day again. deja vu on him flopping next few days.	positive	dustin johnson
"""twitteraddr hey bc watching gc if thistopc had won a few of those majors , he would be no worse then numbrrd in rankings , he's solid"""	positive	dustin johnson
twitteraddr i'm thinking thistopc should get the numbrth spot in the topc	positive	dustin johnson
"""and just like that, an opening hole quad from thistopc.  best thursday/friday major golfer ever."""	positive	dustin johnson
can already feel the thistopc tilt and it's only monday	positive	dustin johnson
crazy saturday at british open ends where it began with thistopc on top | bleacher report	positive	dustin johnson
"""thistopc (-numbr) leads the topc after rd numbr, looking for his first major. jason day (-numbr) is in a tie for numbrrd. httpaddr"	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc again proves he may be best golfer on the planet on thursday friday and saturday... just not good when matters most. topc	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc at the top of the leaderboard ! dammit i guess that means it's only thursday !!!! topc topc	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc back on top in numbrst round of a major can he hold on this time	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc being in the lead after numbr day is like a numbr seed being up after the numbrst numbr min of a game in the ncaa tournament...	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc doing it again on a major sunday. unreal.	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc ends the first round of a major championship in numbrst place. what's a surprise	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc has a great chance to win the twitteraddr as long as there is no sunday round. twitteraddr	positive	dustin johnson
"""thistopc has a lead in a major on thursday, because of course he does: httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc has a remarkable record in the opening two rounds of his last numbr majors...  httpaddr httpaddr	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc has had the lead in the numbrst round in the last numbr majors. he continues to be the pick as the best player who hasn't won a major	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc has the topc field right where he wants them heading into tomorrow's final round: in front of him.	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc hits off the numbrth tee during the second round of the world golf championships - bridgestone... httpaddr	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc is leading the pga but don't worry. saturday is only numbr days away	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc is the best thursday golfer on tour	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc just drove a par numbr with an iron! httpaddr	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc leads the twitteraddr at twitteraddr entering numbrnd round play. can he lead wire-to-wire? numbrnd round tee times in one hour	positive	dustin johnson
"""thistopc makes an eagle on numbr to move to -numbr. he may not have a major, but boy is he wonderful to watch when on song. topc"	positive	dustin johnson
"""thistopc may wind up being another in the long list of athletes with """"million dollar arm and five cent head"""" ... hope not"""	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc might be the best thursday golfer in history. he has to finish a major on top eventually. has immense talent.	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc might be the best thursday/friday golfer on the tour. if only a tournament was two days.	positive	dustin johnson
"""thistopc must b the best opening numbr player at a major ever, wonder if he'll ever manage it down the stretch on a sunday though?topc"	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc quadrupled bogeyed the numbrst hole? at least he got it over with quick this time	positive	dustin johnson
"""thistopc rolls to a thursday clubhouse lead in a major, of course: perhaps it's a good thing dustin john... httpaddr"	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc setting the pace again. hope he waits until at least sunday before imploding.	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc shot numbr to lead after day one at whistling straits. numbr.numbram bst piercy gets up and  httpaddr	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc staggeringly bogeys numbrth after numbr putts from off front of the green. he'll rue that round for years. a numbr to be -numbr. topc	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc straight dominating the majors on thursday and friday and folding on the weekend. topc	positive	dustin johnson
"""thistopc sure knows how to get an early lead on thursday, he just can't hang on to that lead on sunday"""	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc took advantage of favorable morning conditions to take an early lead at the us pga championship thursday while tiger woods	positive	dustin johnson
"""thistopc was in the final group sunday, shot numbr, and today he and jim furyk are paired numbr games before the final group twitteraddr"	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc will be awesome until he needs a numbrft putt on the numbrnd hole come sunday. folds like a lawn chair under pressure. topc	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc with a snowman (numbr) on the first already.. hes starting his usual sunday form early!! he loves snowmen and sneachta!!	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc would be the greatest golfer in the world right now if he could play the weekend like thursday and friday in majors	positive	dustin johnson
"""thistopc, so often the nearly man at the majors, eagles the par-numbr numbrth to share the early pga championship lead at four under."""	positive	dustin johnson
thistopc always starts well numbrst round leader numbr/numbr !! must had a fat one bnumbr he started !!	positive	dustin johnson
getting hype about the pga championship on thursday! as much as i want tiger to win i'm throwing my duckets on thistopc.	positive	dustin johnson
great round at northern pines! two birdies on the card with an numbr. finished numbrnd to thistopc topc	positive	dustin johnson
guess what everyone it is thursday of a major so you guessed it thistopc is killing it -numbr through numbr topc	positive	dustin johnson
"""he's a very fast starter in the first round in majors, but will thistopc strike it third time lucky come sunday? topc topc"	positive	dustin johnson
i feel like thistopc always  has the lead early on and ... well you know  httpaddr	positive	dustin johnson
i like thistopc a lot but i have no confidence in him closing out a major ---unfortunately he probably won't get a chance tomorrow	positive	dustin johnson
i see 'sunday major thistopc' showed up today. +numbr after the first... topc topc topc	positive	dustin johnson
i swear thistopc is winning at the end of the numbrst-numbrrd rounds of every golf major	positive	dustin johnson
"""if thistopc makes par at the numbrst instead of quad, we have a ball game. he's still fun to watch"""	positive	dustin johnson
if the pga tour just played thursday friday saturday. thistopc would win every tournament	positive	dustin johnson
"""if you could win a golf tournament on the numbrst day, then thistopc would have numbr majors by now."""	positive	dustin johnson
is thistopc the best numbrst round player of all time? twitteraddr	positive	dustin johnson
is the numbrth playing down wind?  because thistopc just hit a pitching wedge numbr yards.	positive	dustin johnson
"""it may not be sunday, but thistopc is still getting last round jitters. he's started with four bogeys! topc"	positive	dustin johnson
it's thursday and thistopc is crushing it at a major. all is right.	positive	dustin johnson
"""it's the rd numbr thistopc show rearing its head again at another major. he leads by two, but sat and sun will tell the tale topc"	positive	dustin johnson
"""jordan spieth and thistopc in numbrnd, it's a good day"""	positive	dustin johnson
"""just saw live scores amazing effort from thistopc to be back in numbrst place, not surprising  tiger with a numbr"""	positive	dustin johnson
kudos to thistopc for finishing with a numbr after starting the day with a quadruple bogey. an numbr on the numbrst could've led to an numbr+ easy.	positive	dustin johnson
man if this guy could just do this on a sunday. thistopc can just obliterate a golf course when he's on. better make it numbr yards.	positive	dustin johnson
next time thistopc tees off on a sunday in contention in a major want him decked out in godolphin blue topc	positive	dustin johnson
no surprise: thistopc had a strong numbrst rd thursday at pga championship. can he sustain it through weekend? httpaddr	positive	dustin johnson
not sure i could muster the mental strength to play numbr more holes after  doing what thistopc just did on the numbrst. topc	positive	dustin johnson
"""of all the things i'm envious of when it comes to professional golfers, thistopc's strut walk may be at the top of the list."""	positive	dustin johnson
quality start for thistopc with an numbr. he apparently is not a fan of sunday golf. topc	positive	dustin johnson
really hope thistopc pulls it out the bag tomorrow and ties up topc  topc topc	positive	dustin johnson
some round from thistopc considering he started with an numbr on the numbrst. another case of what might've been for him at whistling straits.	positive	dustin johnson
this offer ends tomorrow!   get thistopc to finish in the top numbr at numbr/numbr or jordan spieth at numbr/numbr when you join: httpaddr	positive	dustin johnson
thank you very much thistopc. numbrst round leader never in doubt!	positive	dustin johnson
"""the numbrth hole seems to be a good birdie hole. thistopc birdies the numbrth, his numbrst hole to move to -numbr topc"	positive	dustin johnson
"""the winner of the topc  will come from thursday's numbr:numbr tee time (jason day, thistopc &amp; rickie fowler)   topc topc"	positive	dustin johnson
things you can always count on on thursday of a major:  thistopc leading; tiger woods over par.	positive	dustin johnson
this thistopc start is going to be even better when he blows it on saturday or sunday.	positive	dustin johnson
tomorrow i'm doing the coolest thing of my life. i'm going to be in a taylormade commercial as thistopc's playing partner!!!	positive	dustin johnson
watching thistopc on saturday and sunday is amazing. the guy just can't do it. ever	positive	dustin johnson
wayward driver puts johnson off the pga pace  the horn may have been a welcome sound for thistopc.  httpaddr	positive	dustin johnson
well i pulled a thistopc on the numbrth but i'm proud to say i played the best numbr holes of my life tonight topc httpaddr	positive	dustin johnson
will this be the major that thistopc finally grabs? httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	dustin johnson
"""would love to see thistopc make a huge charge tomorrow, he's got the game"""	positive	dustin johnson
wow thistopc showing some true grit after quadding number one topc especially since his history with major sunday's	positive	dustin johnson
see that thistopc is a co-leader right now. will take him serious if he is in top numbr on the final numbr sunday topc	positive	dustin johnson
"""so twitteraddr had wilbon straight up making up a story about thistopc singing the numbrth inning stretch last night with no correction, cool"""	positive	dustin johnson
twitteraddr had it worse. sat through a numbr hour train with young teenage girls singing one direction and thistopc songs.	negative	ed sheeran
just heard the news about nicole scherzinger and thistopc splitting up. another perfectly good bank holiday monday ruined.	negative	ed sheeran
am i the only one who could care less about the thistopc concert tomorrow?	negative	ed sheeran
growing up by macklemore + thistopc may b the worst song evr recorded holy hell it came on the radio and i almost jumped out a moving car	negative	ed sheeran
tomorrow i'm gonna lock myself in my room and not be on social media all day bc i don't want to see any posts about thistopc concert :(((	negative	ed sheeran
"""tread your own path, you'll never make it as a follower. you never know where you will go or where you'll be tomorrow - thistopc,"""	positive	ed sheeran
numbr floor tickets to thistopc this sunday. pm if you are interested. section numbr third row. best sound in the house! httpaddr	positive	ed sheeran
twitteraddr is there a contest for thistopc? im flying to nashville to see him for the numbrth time &amp; would love to finally meet him	positive	ed sheeran
"""twitteraddr thanks for another great show, miss you tomorrow as i am going to thistopc!  will catch up on your tl when i get home!"""	positive	ed sheeran
twitteraddr i would do anything for meet&amp;greets for thistopc's toronto show on september numbrth. any way you can help?	positive	ed sheeran
twitteraddr thistopc was our wedding song in april. we'd love to see him from the floor tonight! topc httpaddr	positive	ed sheeran
"""twitteraddr hello, can you help me out with thistopc info for sep numbrth ?"""	positive	ed sheeran
twitteraddr we're your numbrth follower!!!! we loved you tonight at monteys!!!!!  thanks for thistopc twice!!! xoxo come to saint john!!	positive	ed sheeran
twitteraddr i get to see her tomorrow night when she opens for thistopc. can't wait for both!	positive	ed sheeran
twitteraddr do you know how i can meet thistopc tomorrow?	positive	ed sheeran
twitteraddr i'm surprising my mom with a trip to see thistopc for her birthday in atlanta on saturday. help us meet him please!!!	positive	ed sheeran
twitteraddr i'm going to see thistopc on tuesday and i am so excited i can not contain myself	positive	ed sheeran
"""twitteraddr lol do you mia, do you. back in my day we skipped band on a monday to see thistopc &amp; came to school the next day to tell everynumbr."""	positive	ed sheeran
twitteraddr  could you please send me to thistopc september numbrth at the acc? he has inspired me and gotten me through tough times!	positive	ed sheeran
twitteraddr is it at all possible for you to hook me up with thistopc tickets for september numbrth? he is my favourite! thanks!	positive	ed sheeran
"""twitteraddr if it makes you feel any better, i'm going to see thistopc tomorrow"""	positive	ed sheeran
twitteraddr i want to spend late nights with you and listen to thistopc with you and talk with you about everything under the sun	positive	ed sheeran
"""twitteraddr do you have any info for thistopc's hotel?? he is playing in frisco, texas tomorrow night!!"""	positive	ed sheeran
twitteraddr have you ever been to an thistopc concert? bc i just got back from my numbrnd one and i almost passed out	positive	ed sheeran
twitteraddr twitteraddr tomorrow will be a year since we waited out in the sun for hours to see thistopc at jimmy kimmel	positive	ed sheeran
all i've done today is eat blue bell ice cream and get emo over my thistopc concert tomorrow. and honestly i'm okay with that.	positive	ed sheeran
always give music a second chance bc the numbrst time i heard thistopc i didn't like it but here i am willing to give my leg to see a concert	positive	ed sheeran
anyone else smile fondly when thistopc sings about being kissed under a lamppost on numbrth street? no? just me?	positive	ed sheeran
"""ashlyn's mom just surprised us with thistopc tickets for saturday, and i am currently crying."""	positive	ed sheeran
ayyye i just purchased my thistopc tickets for tmrw but i may not even go	positive	ed sheeran
best birthday present ever! im going to see thistopc this thursday  topc topc httpaddr	positive	ed sheeran
"""beyonce, pearl jam, thistopc, coldplay and more play at the topc festival on sept numbr! spread the word: httpaddr"	positive	ed sheeran
but it's a three day weekend and we see thistopc tomorrow (!!!!!) so things miiiight be looking up.	positive	ed sheeran
but seriously. free ticket to thistopc on saturday. only catch is you have to go with me.	positive	ed sheeran
"""came numbr hours before the thistopc concert began,i waited in the hot sun and almost passed out with barely any water.but it was so worth it"""	positive	ed sheeran
can i just fast forward to the thistopc concert saturday	positive	ed sheeran
can it be tomorrow already so i can   see thistopc.	positive	ed sheeran
can someone take me to blossom on the numbrth to see thistopc	positive	ed sheeran
can't tell you how badly i wanna see thistopc thursday in houston	positive	ed sheeran
can't wait for thistopc tomorrow with all my bb's	positive	ed sheeran
coffee and catch up today with twitteraddr and then fusion fest tomorrow to see thistopc. so excited twitteraddr	positive	ed sheeran
"""college game day, free pizza, and christina perri and thistopc tonight. happy saturday, lovelies!"""	positive	ed sheeran
congratulations twitteraddr you won two thistopc tix for the sept numbrth show in dallas! come to anumbr to claim your prize! topc	positive	ed sheeran
"""congratulations to georgia veatch, the winner of two free tickets to see thistopc in concert this friday!"""	positive	ed sheeran
current person level of the friday struggle: rocking out to thistopc   topc	positive	ed sheeran
dark times by the weekend and thistopc may be the best song i've heard in a while.	positive	ed sheeran
david coming through the with an thistopc ticket is the best thing in boyfriend history httpaddr	positive	ed sheeran
do you want tickets to thistopc in topc on sept numbr? enter our facebook contest here: twitteraddr  httpaddr	positive	ed sheeran
thistopc next tuesday!! with twitteraddr  topc topc topc topc topc topc topc topc	positive	ed sheeran
eye am going to the thistopc concerns and hanging with my mom httpaddr	positive	ed sheeran
thistopc - i see fire (music video)  me too topc may god be with all of you. twitteraddr  httpaddr	positive	ed sheeran
thistopc and sunday mornings just go together	positive	ed sheeran
thistopc and the weeknd may be the best duo yet.. topc	positive	ed sheeran
thistopc concert at numbr pm tomorrow. getting in line at like numbr lol. need to get close to the stage bruh	positive	ed sheeran
"""thistopc concert tomorrow and i'm extremely sad i'm not attending, i'm gonna be depressed the whole day"""	positive	ed sheeran
thistopc concert tomorrow! too bad i'm going to be super cranky lol	positive	ed sheeran
thistopc did a song with twitteraddr class is cancelled tomorrow!	positive	ed sheeran
thistopc either jan numbr numbr or nov numbr numbr the best days of my life httpaddr	positive	ed sheeran
thistopc is gonna be here tomorrow and i'm not going and that makes me really sad.	positive	ed sheeran
thistopc live in dfw sat night! want in?? keep track of the numbr songs for dfw's most wanted at numbrp and i'll throw you a pair of tix! -cruz	positive	ed sheeran
thistopc may be the best musically talented person of this generation	positive	ed sheeran
thistopc may be the only person alive who can preform like he does- how does that man have so much talent	positive	ed sheeran
thistopc on a monday morning. gv all the way.	positive	ed sheeran
"""thistopc s x"""" returns to the top of the world album charts for the numbrrd time httpaddr"	positive	ed sheeran
thistopc tomorrow!!! you ready to be up close and personal with my future husband twitteraddr	positive	ed sheeran
thistopc tomorrow.... the tears and the excitement is crazy	positive	ed sheeran
"""thistopc, ant &amp; dec &amp; the royal marines' unbelievable performance - saturday night takeaway httpaddr"	positive	ed sheeran
thistopc's coming to dallas tomorrow and i'm missing it again and i'm sad so let's not talk about it k	positive	ed sheeran
"""everyone i know is going to the thistopc concert on september numbrth, i can actually meet up with people at the concert i'm so happy"""	positive	ed sheeran
"""feel bad for the person who's next to me at the thistopc concert tomorrow, because i'm singing as loud as i possibly can lol"""	positive	ed sheeran
friday fun: who would you like to sing at your wedding? thistopc will perform at courteney cox's wedding httpaddr	positive	ed sheeran
game today. gainesville tomorrow. labor day on monday. thistopc concert on tuesday. holy shit what a fantastic numbr day streak.	positive	ed sheeran
"""going to thistopc this tuesday with twitteraddr i'm so stoked"""	positive	ed sheeran
going to see thistopc tomorrow with twitteraddr and i'm super excited (:	positive	ed sheeran
happy friday! thistopc just played on the radio and it made my day! hope everyone has a great day!	positive	ed sheeran
happy saturday! check out my cover of thistopc's photograph if you haven't heard it already and look out for a... httpaddr	positive	ed sheeran
holy shit i just realized my thistopc concert is a week from tomorrow oh my god !!??!?!	positive	ed sheeran
i see fire plus he looks like my crush!!! i see fire - thistopc (noah levi) | finale | sat.numbr httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	ed sheeran
"""i am going to see thistopc, live, in the numbrth row. i'm in disbelief"""	positive	ed sheeran
i am in a van with a group of cheerleaders singing/screaming an thistopc song.  how's your friday night going?	positive	ed sheeran
i can listen to the whole thistopc album from th numbrst song to the last without skipping any song	positive	ed sheeran
i can't believe i saw thistopc front fucking row at fucking red rocks and then the numbrnd night i snuck in and saw him numbrth row	positive	ed sheeran
i can't wait for thistopc tonight omg like i knew about him before he was famous and went to his free concert when i was in numbrth grade	positive	ed sheeran
i can't wait to see thistopc on the numbrth!!!!!!!	positive	ed sheeran
i get to see thistopc on thursday. and stephan is going with me. my excitement levels are through the roof. :d	positive	ed sheeran
i got two tickets vip to thistopc tomorrow at the american airlines arena. hmu if you want them	positive	ed sheeran
i have numbr thistopc tickets on sale for his concert on thursday @ houston. i know it's super last minute but if anyone is interested dm me.	positive	ed sheeran
i just can't wait for thistopc on saturday	positive	ed sheeran
i just realized that i'm seeing thistopc in concert on thursday. yeah still don't believe it's that close twitteraddr	positive	ed sheeran
i just realized that tomorrow night i will be staying numbr minutes away from where thistopc is and i can't see him. i am fucking upset.	positive	ed sheeran
i just remembered im not going to the thistopc concert tomorrow so nobody talk to me tomorrow its gonna be a horrible day.	positive	ed sheeran
i just wanna go see thistopc on thursday ://	positive	ed sheeran
i may not be your john legend to give you all of me but i will be your thistopc to love you 'till we're seventy.	positive	ed sheeran
i need someone to come see thistopc with me this saturday in dallas	positive	ed sheeran
"""i really don't like wishing time away, but i really wish it was september numbrth and i was seeing thistopc and the squad was in florida"""	positive	ed sheeran
i really wish i was going to thistopc this saturday :'(((	positive	ed sheeran
i see thistopc tomorrow and i couldn't be happier. best cure for the soul.	positive	ed sheeran
i tell my new manager that i can't work on thursday the numbrth bc hello thistopc and he said that was fine but i'm scheduled anyway :-) :-)	positive	ed sheeran
i want to see thistopc tomorrow but i can't	positive	ed sheeran
i'd like to apologize in advanced for i'll most likely have a long snapchat story tomorrow due to the fact that i'll be seeing thistopc	positive	ed sheeran
i'd love for someone to come down here the numbrth &amp; see thistopc with me	positive	ed sheeran
i'll get up before the sun for only a select few people. thistopc is definitely one of them. topc	positive	ed sheeran
i'm know i'm going to cry at thistopc's concert tomorrow. topc	positive	ed sheeran
i'm seeing thistopc on tuesday im going to cry	positive	ed sheeran
i'm seeing thistopc on wednesday in miami so if you wanna meet up or say hi hmu!	positive	ed sheeran
"""i'm seeing thistopc tomorrow for the first time in like numbr years, i'm going to fucking explode from happiness bye"""	positive	ed sheeran
i'm selling my numbr thistopc tickets for gillette stadium september numbrth both tickets would come to $numbr total lmk if you're interested!	positive	ed sheeran
is anybody going to the thistopc concert in houston this thursday	positive	ed sheeran
is anyone interested in going to the thistopc concert tomorrow at numbrpm? i'm selling one of my tickets :)	positive	ed sheeran
"""it will be imagine dragons to chicago the musical to beethovens numbrth to blink numbr, to the weeknd, to thistopc, to the wonder years"""	positive	ed sheeran
it's friday. enjoy this video of thistopc covering trap queen with the roots. httpaddr	positive	ed sheeran
"""janet jackson on the numbrth, then thistopc on the numbrth. when there is good music, hc is all smiles."""	positive	ed sheeran
last year on september numbrth i was meeting thistopc and this year on september numbrth i'm going back to school... opposite of glo up	positive	ed sheeran
let me be the numbrst to say it... you people are about to be all over this weeknd album. especially the dark times song w/ thistopc	positive	ed sheeran
missing d.c... but it's ok... i'm seeing thistopc on tuesday... that makes everything better.	positive	ed sheeran
my numbrth time playing thinking out loud by thistopc. i love this song so much it's one of my wedding songs	positive	ed sheeran
my numbr hour shift will consist of me thinking about thistopc tomorrow	positive	ed sheeran
my cuz is currently listenin numbr thistopc at fusion festival from the comfort of her garden.found my retreat if it rains when i'm there sun	positive	ed sheeran
my mom is trying to make me cry by saying the thistopc concert next thursday is going to rain out.	positive	ed sheeran
"""my sister just reminded me that the day after tomorrow i get to see thistopc for the first time ever.  um, can someone pinch me?"""	positive	ed sheeran
"""no but i need to be in a happy place by september numbrth, if not i'll be crying the entire thistopc concert.. topc"	positive	ed sheeran
omg i'm literally seeing thistopc with some of my best friends tomorrow i'm so excited	positive	ed sheeran
really want to go see thistopc on september numbrth in toronto :(	positive	ed sheeran
see you on saturday twitteraddr !!   numbr days numbr hours numbr minutes numbr seconds until     thistopc in atl  topc httpaddr	positive	ed sheeran
shit i see thistopc next saturday and niall's birthday is the day after i'm about to be so fucked up	positive	ed sheeran
snap i totally forgot that i just have to get through tomorrow and then i'm going to houston for a long weekend and to see thistopc.	positive	ed sheeran
so excited to be going with my lil girl jaz to see thistopc &amp; christina perry tomorrow night topc httpaddr	positive	ed sheeran
so my sister and i are going to thistopc on saturday...	positive	ed sheeran
"""so unfortunately, it's all really bad timing rn, so i can't go to the thistopc concert tomorrow, but if anybody wants floor seats...."""	positive	ed sheeran
"""some guy is sat in the hotel lobby playing a guitar, sorry but you're not thistopc"""	positive	ed sheeran
spending my sunday night singing thistopc in my dorm room and enjoying every second of it	positive	ed sheeran
spontaneous trip to see thistopc tomorrow may be on the cards	positive	ed sheeran
the weeknd and thistopc mixed together is the numbrth wonder of the world	positive	ed sheeran
"""the weeknd and thistopc made a song together...yep, today is definitely friday.  and it will be a very good day."""	positive	ed sheeran
the weeknd released the new album and thistopc is on it. happy friday everyone	positive	ed sheeran
"""the winner of the thistopc lookalike competition sponsored by """"balls of fire"""" is... httpaddr"	positive	ed sheeran
"""there's a thistopc concert september numbrth,&amp; if you are going too marcus high school go too the mob website too get the concert tickets free"""	positive	ed sheeran
"""thinking of making a """"weasley is our king"""" poster for the thistopc concert i'm going to saturday."""	positive	ed sheeran
this is like the day before my thistopc concert dude no wait a few days  httpaddr	positive	ed sheeran
tomorrow (tues) at numbr:numbrpm in gsc were selling tickets to cedar point ($numbr) and thistopc ($numbr). pay with cash/xcash! httpaddr	positive	ed sheeran
tomorrow @ numbrpm in gsc buy tickets to thistopc in concert at riverbend on numbr/numbr. tickets are $numbr cash. see you there! httpaddr	positive	ed sheeran
"""when you have to do ur apush questions a day early because ur going to see thistopc tomorrow&gt;&gt;,,,topc"	positive	ed sheeran
when you realize that blackbear's and thistopc's concerts are both on the same day...and they're on a wednesday	positive	ed sheeran
when you realize you're going to see thistopc tomorrow twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	ed sheeran
"""who is going to thistopc concert tomorrow in frisco, texas?????? i'm so excited!"""	positive	ed sheeran
who's going to thistopc's concert on wednesday??	positive	ed sheeran
who's seeing thistopc tomorrow night? this guy. twitteraddr you should buy me a beer cuz i can't afford one.	positive	ed sheeran
"""wide awake on a sunday morning, listening to thistopc on the radio, such a good start..."""	positive	ed sheeran
would anyone wanna go to the thistopc concert this thursday with me i have an extra ticket it was like $numbr	positive	ed sheeran
"""a month ago i saw numbrd, today i see thistopc, in one month i see twenty one pilots. the numbrth is such a good day"""	positive	ed sheeran
can we get him to beat out the wanted atleast he's in like numbrth please i love him he deserves it thistopc	positive	ed sheeran
can we talk about the fact that i have an thistopc concert next saturday and me &amp; my sister sit in seat numbr &amp; numbr in the numbrth row of section numbr	positive	ed sheeran
catch me on the news tomorrow: girl cries herself to death at thistopc concert	positive	ed sheeran
thistopc is gonna be here on the numbrth why am i poor	positive	ed sheeran
found out i'm going to thistopc on saturday and numbr-numbr in district i'm pumped	positive	ed sheeran
hey i'm gonna see thistopc next wednesday so it's not all that bad	positive	ed sheeran
httpaddr thistopc could top first friday chart with x ahead of sold-out ... httpaddr topc	positive	ed sheeran
"""i may not be john legend to give you """"all of me"""" but i can be thistopc to """"love you till were numbr""""  good evening. :)"""	positive	ed sheeran
if thistopc does a surprise performance with someone tomorrow at the vmas refer back to this tweet	positive	ed sheeran
"""if i don't see thistopc in concert i'm going to drown myself, i've been wanting to see him since the numbrth grade"""	positive	ed sheeran
"""my mom and i may have many differences, but we will always agree when it comes to thistopc..  topc topc"	positive	ed sheeran
"""my mom just came in to my room, sat down on my bed, and with a straight face said """"tina, numbr days until we see thistopc.. what do i wear?!"""""""	positive	ed sheeran
so sorry i haven't been on today i've been busy but tomorrow in going to a thistopc concert ahh!!	positive	ed sheeran
soooo jealous of everyone going to the thistopc concert tomorrow	positive	ed sheeran
still looking for one person for thistopc thursday night in tampa!! the ticket is numbr.	positive	ed sheeran
still so sad i'm not going to thistopc the numbrth :////	positive	ed sheeran
welllll who wants to see thistopc with me on the numbrth????	positive	ed sheeran
when you have pcd from one direction and then realize you're seeing thistopc next tuesday httpaddr	positive	ed sheeran
'numbrrd day of thistopc ul fitar of numbr'.. that was the worst day ever of me... !! &amp; this day always remember as black day in my life..  topc	negative	eid
"""it's the numbrth day of thistopc and i still haven't danced at a party, what kind of gay shit is this!?  some ppl don't really know how to turn up.."""	negative	eid
"""last thistopc, gaza was in black. my friend was killed by israeli shelling on the numbrst day of thistopc topc"	negative	eid
"""why are people still talking about thistopc, that was so last friday"""	negative	eid
"""may you all have a happy thistopc , love you all httpaddr"	positive	eid
"""topc celebrates thistopc with brother topc and family  on july numbr, aamir khan took time off to celebrate... httpaddr"	positive	eid
topc numbrrd day scenes of camp in topc topc where thistopc gifts &amp; cash was distributed among topc httpaddr	positive	eid
*****numbrrd day******====*====i wish ynumbru a very happy thistopc frnumbrm the cnumbrre of my heart...  thistopc-ul-fitar mubarak	positive	eid
....thistopc.... mubarak may allah bless u foreve with all of his b	positive	eid
"""numbrst day after thistopc vacation.  had a wonderful time all through. it was a bit raining in the evening, but enjoyed... httpaddr"	positive	eid
"""numbrrd day of thistopc, still can't find a place to park my car. . celebrations every where! httpaddr"	positive	eid
"""numbrrd day of thistopc, thistopc mubarak dears all. httpaddr"	positive	eid
numbrrd day of thistopc... a day spend well old friends reunion after a long time. first badge of read foundation reunion... httpaddr	positive	eid
"""numbrth day of thistopc ul-fitr, all smile, all smile :) topc courtesy photo by zeeyasmi httpaddr"	positive	eid
numbrth day in! i have lost the numbr kg i gained during thistopc (that i had lost during ramadan) numbr more to go! i have... httpaddr	positive	eid
twitteraddr twitteraddr numbrth october mine. we're celebrating together thank you. i hope tnumbr stays after large thistopc. he come too	positive	eid
"""twitteraddr happy thistopc greetings to you too, may allah bless you"""	positive	eid
"""twitteraddr hi, in order for me to celebrate thistopc on the weekend i had to sacrifice monday and tuesday working night shift for my job"""	positive	eid
twitteraddr twitteraddr brought for the love of food live to thistopc in the park  on sat @ mk-  amazing audience httpaddr	positive	eid
"""twitteraddr no, but you missed the thistopc event in trafalgar square on saturday."""	positive	eid
twitteraddr happy thistopc . my queen may allah accept your deeds . and bless you	positive	eid
"""twitteraddr btw. if its ok. i mayb in touch numbr my kelloggs. meetin dinz n numbrth numbr sort it, bt shuld b deer n thistopc, velvet-chain, oppertunities"""	positive	eid
"""twitteraddr thistopc numbrrd day, you are looking simple and sweet httpaddr"	positive	eid
twitteraddr i hope next thistopc will be better than this one for u...prayers for ur mom and grandmom..may allah bless them and give you peace..	positive	eid
twitteraddr magic girl don't stress yourself and you don't need to say sorry health come numbrst take care and i hope you had great time on thistopc	positive	eid
twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc festival have only numbr days n some ppl celebrate for numbr days monday was a last day of thistopc	positive	eid
twitteraddr on the holy occasion of thistopc here is wishing that may the blessing of allah light up your way and lead u to eternal	positive	eid
twitteraddr wait if this is true i'm gonna be so happy bc i thought thistopc was on the numbrrd!!!	positive	eid
"""twitteraddr salam imam daayiee, happy belated thistopc, may allah bless you!"""	positive	eid
twitteraddr welcome back numbr khi faysal bhai.excited numbr see u again in topc numbrrd day of thistopc.	positive	eid
twitteraddr i wish you a very happy and peaceful thistopc. may allah accept your good deeds.	positive	eid
twitteraddr w assalaam. it was my numbrst thistopc away from family. i hope you had a nice thistopc and all family are good. happy thistopc to you too. thanks	positive	eid
twitteraddr i'm getting it on psnumbr bro &gt;.&gt; yeah i think thistopc is on the numbrth...	positive	eid
twitteraddr khair mubarak. i hope you had a lovely thistopc. ami sends her love. may allah grant your&amp; your family every success. xxx	positive	eid
"""twitteraddr lol not you, silly. i'm having thistopc at my house this saturday and i wish you could come!"""	positive	eid
twitteraddr happy birthday to you old friend! have a blast and may allah bless you. happy thistopc and enjoy your roti kaya hahaha	positive	eid
twitteraddr wednesday will be spent on thistopc milan. and then the thistopc hangover for next two days followed by weekend.	positive	eid
"""a very happy thistopc greetings to all of you, may your lives be blessed, ameen"""	positive	eid
"""agree. celebrate it like diwali, thistopc and christmas.  httpaddr"	positive	eid
alhamdulillah maryam got engaged and inshallah after thistopc will be her marriage. :)  may allah bless my sister with happiness and much more.	positive	eid
"""allahu akbar! """"twitteraddr happy thistopc! may every year find you in good health. topc httpaddr"	positive	eid
asad umar &amp; zubair umar on numbrth hour with waseem badami for a candid thistopc interview. interesting!	positive	eid
aslam _ o _ alikum every one happy numbrrd day of thistopc	positive	eid
"""asslamau alaikum community of khair,  by the grace of allah, we had a wonderful thistopc gathering on friday. for... httpaddr"	positive	eid
belated thistopc mubarak to all.  may next thistopc bring about the end of tyrants of our planets.  ameen.	positive	eid
"""brothers please keep sheikh rabee in your dua, he has been sick since the day of thistopc. may allah make our beloved... httpaddr"	positive	eid
"""calling all ladies! come celebrate thistopc in east london this sunday! join us for a day full of fun, games &amp; food httpaddr"	positive	eid
celebrate numbrrd day of  thistopc transmission with dj tariq &amp; dj adeel numbr:numbr pm to numbr:numbr mn enjoy with fm numbr happy thistopc... httpaddr	positive	eid
check out the post how celebs celebrated thistopc on saturday! on httpaddr  httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	eid
come celebrate thistopc with us on saturday at london's free festival in trafalgar square! httpaddr topc httpaddr	positive	eid
"""come out and celebrate thistopc with your fellow umcp alumni, insh'allah this wednesday at busboys and poets, in hyattsville, from numbr-numbrpm!"""	positive	eid
"""dtn pakistan: thistopc frenzy finally over: islamabad though the official thistopc holidays were over on last wednesday,... httpaddr"	positive	eid
dont forget to enjoy your healthy breakfast tomorrow before you start your week after thistopc!  topc topc topc httpaddr	positive	eid
thistopc mubarak for all muslim friends ! may god bless us to bring religious harmony in all over the world on this holy and happy occasion.	positive	eid
thistopc numbrrd day.... good after none httpaddr	positive	eid
"""thistopc special video fiction """"cry baby cry""""  on air: numbrth day of thistopc, numbr pm on banglavision director: mabrur rashid... httpaddr"	positive	eid
thistopc al-adha is few months away in september christianity can also jump in celebrate due to same verse from the bible	positive	eid
thistopc holidays are about to complete and usual routine to begin from wednesday! had great time meeting w/ relatives &amp; friends. stay blessed.	positive	eid
thistopc is september numbrth and drake is releasing his new album that day this will probably be the best thistopc gift i've ever received alhamdullilah	positive	eid
thistopc is a day to wish and make merry together. may your life be full of such great days! wish you all splendors of this beautiful e	positive	eid
"""thistopc shopping brings windfall for oman traders: road travelers on thursday, the beginning of the break, had to ...  httpaddr"	positive	eid
thistopc special for me ....( numbrdays ) from numbr-numbr-numbr thistopc day rain day &amp; without my wife and child. numbrnd day just sleep... httpaddr	positive	eid
thistopc's numbrrd day....:) loving	positive	eid
enjoy the numbrrd day of thistopc with great relish:)	positive	eid
"""falling sick on the numbrrd day of thistopc, missing out all the fun and joy of thistopc topc"	positive	eid
finally got the tickets for topc thanks to twitteraddr finally a high note to put an end to thistopc holidays. work from tomorrow!	positive	eid
first friday after ramadan is like reunion to allah: to keep all the carelessness we done in the thistopc days aside &amp; join him again strongly :)	positive	eid
first two days of thistopc went best. swimming on first day bar-b-q on numbrnd now on a trip to larkana on numbrrd day :)... httpaddr	positive	eid
friday is best day of the week and it's a thistopc for muslims.	positive	eid
glad to attend sat afternoon at thistopc festivities in regina's candycanepark + tonight at pakistan-cda cultural assoc thistopc dinner!	positive	eid
good morning and enjoy numbrrd day of thistopc	positive	eid
good morning.. last day of the thistopc vacation. office starts from tomorrow :( httpaddr	positive	eid
"""good morning everyone! remember to catch the great deals offered for thistopc, they're extended until thursday. httpaddr topc"	positive	eid
"""happy thistopc mubarak dear all friends. may the blessings of allah be with you today, tomorrow and always. happy thistopc... httpaddr"	positive	eid
"""hasan on thistopc: every day a muslim obeys allah is itself a celebration: ibn rajab reported: hasan al-basri, may allah have mercy on him..."""	positive	eid
hope every celebrating thistopc had a fantastic time!!! we will be open from tomorrow again at numbrpm. thank you for... httpaddr	positive	eid
"""hope you had a wonderful thistopc. our next dubsmash compilation video will be on youtube within thursday, so hurry up... httpaddr"	positive	eid
"""hope, love &amp; laughter; warmth, prosperity &amp; joy; a fragrant bouquet filled with life; you may enjoy! a very happy thistopc -"""	positive	eid
i loved going here for friday prayers thistopc was something else here httpaddr	positive	eid
"""i posted numbr photos on facebook in the album """"the glamorous numbrnd night of the thistopc, we all together in snooker cl"""" httpaddr"	positive	eid
"""i was at thistopc in the park, an event hosted by the ark from glasgow on sunday. fantastic day, thanks to all involved! httpaddr"	positive	eid
i'm including numbrth &amp; numbrst because no one is going to work/school on the week of thistopc. httpaddr	positive	eid
ik is going to pew tomorrow numbr meet families of shuhada of army public school.he should have been there with them on thistopc nd after thistopc	positive	eid
"""in case you're having a bad day, thistopc break starts from next thursday!"""	positive	eid
it's a numbrrd day of thistopc. we are blessed with nice weather and owsum feeling of freshness. alhamdulillah	positive	eid
job on thistopc's numbrrd day is fun man	positive	eid
just when we thought comical twitteraddr was the chief clown. big words as explosions at thistopc prayers. do numbrst!!! httpaddr	positive	eid
"""learn about thistopc twitteraddr celebration's tomorrow. cakes, malaysian cookies &amp; treats! all warwick pg's welcome! httpaddr"	positive	eid
let me confess.....i had nihari on numbrnd day of thistopc....and guess what the meat was extra tender and delicious...donkey???	positive	eid
lol i cant play mj on the numbrth month. thistopc's power kinda maxed out on the ghost month lol. anticipated my tiles and kalongs beautifully.	positive	eid
lol what is my life i'm wearing a kameez that was one of my thistopc outfits in the numbrth grade w a gharara from numbrth grade	positive	eid
myluk-s have worked really hard for tomorrow's bake sale..come find us @ thistopc in the park (maxwell park) tomorrow. :) all proceeds gonumbrcharity	positive	eid
"""may the auspicious occasion of thistopc , bless you with peace and bring joy to your heart and home. best regards hamayoon amanzai"""	positive	eid
"""may the blessings of allah fill your life with happiness and open all the doors of success now and always. """" thistopc..."""	positive	eid
"""may your life be filled with love, joy, laughter, warmth, happiness and a bouquet of thistopc wishes now and forever. happy thistopc ul fitr!"""	positive	eid
my numbrst is gonna be a day or two before thistopc al-adha. all i can say is i'm expecting a huge suprise on thistopc	positive	eid
on numbrrd day of thistopc holidays i am praying that next thistopc will be full of happiness for the nation whose prayers would have been heard by then	positive	eid
"""on one friday rasoolullah (peace be upon him) said: """"o muslims! allah ta'aala has made this day, a day of thistopc, so... httpaddr"	positive	eid
"""on the auspicious day of thistopc, may you be blessed with peace, prosperity and happiness. thistopc mubarak to all..!"""	positive	eid
on this divine day of thistopc may allah shower his blessings on u &amp; ur loved ones....&amp; fill ur life with... httpaddr	positive	eid
"""outfit: pink for thistopc - salaam, lovelies. thistopc mubarak.. and may you all have a blessed thistopc! since the last day of r... httpaddr"	positive	eid
parent program celebrating naidoc &amp; thistopc with some painting and morning tea! lots of variety every friday morning. httpaddr	positive	eid
presenting the numbrth annual thistopc family fun day. see me perform an lots more from numbr:numbr-numbrpm numbr/numbr/numbr address twnumbr numbrhu httpaddr	positive	eid
"""reminiscing the day of thistopc, in the beautiful city of madinah... what a day it was! may allah take us all to visit the haramain. ameen."""	positive	eid
"""sultan will release on thistopc. shoot starts in november and ll wrap in march.there r no plans to shift the release date """"- twitteraddr  spokesperson"""	positive	eid
salaam to all friends and enjoy the numbrrd day of thistopc with your family pray for the all people special pray for me kindly	positive	eid
saudi's thistopc present to taiz. big thank you twitteraddr this is best thistopc present ever for taiz topc  httpaddr	positive	eid
"""see how karachiates celebrating""""thistopc""""-no water in liaqatabad no numbr, numbrrd day of topc topc twitteraddr httpaddr"	positive	eid
so it's numbrth day of thistopc... still having busyness..	positive	eid
"""so long summer, school is definitely back in... saturday on the couch with a movie and school work. and confirming thistopc travel plans :)"""	positive	eid
sulaimania mosque in the early morning is having a bright visitor at its dome as a gift on the numbrrd day of thistopc for us. httpaddr	positive	eid
tasting sawine for the numbrst time on thistopc yesterday. he enjoyed every bit of it! twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	eid
to pray namaz with my kids is perhaps the highest happiest &amp; most heartening part of thistopc. may allah keep the children of the world healthy.	positive	eid
tomorrow is the first day of the week after thistopc holidays wich means a huge # of ppl with a little # of ppl to serve them . oh well.topc	positive	eid
"""us state department is the last to have thistopc, were they locked in a basement and couldnt see the moon? httpaddr"	positive	eid
we hope everyone had a wonderful thistopc! the league resumes saturday july numbrth at the regular times &amp; locations. academy resumes july numbrth.	positive	eid
welcome back all friends after thistopc holidays. today tuesday numbr shawal numbr ah numbr july numbr ad numbr swan numbr bj have a nice day take care	positive	eid
who's going to thistopc fest tomorrow	positive	eid
"""will say its numbrth, numbrth, numbrth and then numbrth day of thistopc   bcoz still waiting for some real thistopc's enjoyment and for some thistopci.   topc"	positive	eid
"""wishes this happy occasion on thistopc, a very happy thistopc mubarak!"""" may allah bring you joy, happiness, peace &amp;... httpaddr"	positive	eid
"""wishing """"-./'/.-""""  you    )""""""""(  happy   (==)  thistopc    )__( mubarak     for you and your family . . . . . numbrrd day"""	positive	eid
wishing you a happy thistopc mubarak. may the peace of allah and the joy of thistopc be with you today and always.	positive	eid
"""with countless blessing of allah, may this thistopc fill your life with joy and prosperity. thistopc greeting happy numbrrd day of thistopc. .regards:tasleem"""	positive	eid
"""is here, may god bless u with happiness and joy. happy thistopc?"""	positive	eid
"""may just have had the sweetest dates ever (wish i was talking about guys, but no) thistopc treats are the best."""	positive	eid
on thistopc numbrst day after playing cricket with my sweet friends httpaddr	positive	eid
"""this message is for all my dear female friends, you all looked pretty as hell on thistopc. may you all remain pretty... httpaddr"	positive	eid
"""yeah, we may pay our fighters numbr.numbr% of what you make but they sure as fuck would beat your ass! - ufc response to thistopc"""	negative	floyd mayweather
twitteraddr will make thistopc her bitch. i'll give her numbr seconds numbrst round ;)	negative	floyd mayweather
twitteraddr stop paying for thistopc's payper views this berto fight is a joke don't buy the fight then he may fight top guys	negative	floyd mayweather
am i the only one who doesn't care that thistopc is fighting again on september numbrth against andre berto.... httpaddr	negative	floyd mayweather
"""and the worst ppv of the year award goes to: thistopc, sept numbrth"""	negative	floyd mayweather
anyone planning on buying thistopc's next fight plz don't do it. buy cottocanelo instead it'll be numbrnd best fight of the year.	negative	floyd mayweather
"""thistopc """"the thirstiest capitalist since daniel plainview"""" lines up another boring fight httpaddr"	negative	floyd mayweather
thistopc don't even come outside in may so how does he know what the weather is like. fraud topc	negative	floyd mayweather
thistopc fights saturday and nobody cares at all because he picked a shit opponent and the fight can't even sell all the tickets lol	negative	floyd mayweather
thistopc has ali as only the numbrth greatest of all time lmao what a joke	negative	floyd mayweather
thistopc has got to be the most disrespectful athlete. ali is numbrth on your list? your pathetic. topc topc	negative	floyd mayweather
thistopc in a nutshell: you may kick my ass but im richer so im still better than you httpaddr	negative	floyd mayweather
thistopc is fight on september for free....? no wonder he picks berto!	negative	floyd mayweather
thistopc may be a good boxer but he sure is a terrible human being.	negative	floyd mayweather
"""thistopc may be filthy rich, but in the end and in the beginning you are nothing but a white man's bitch."""	negative	floyd mayweather
thistopc may be the most arrogant human being on the planet but that nigga rich af	negative	floyd mayweather
thistopc may have beaten pacquiao but i bet you a billion dollars he couldn't beat kelly robinson	negative	floyd mayweather
"""thistopc picked a guy who has lost numbr of his last numbr fights as his opponent, and the boxing world hates him httpaddr"	negative	floyd mayweather
thistopc to fight andre berto in september. nobody cares. either give amir khan or my boy miguel cotto a shot before you hang em up.	negative	floyd mayweather
fuck that next fight thistopc got next saturday night. it's going to be weak as hell	negative	floyd mayweather
fucking hot as outside here. i'm sweating like thistopc taking the reading portion of the sat	negative	floyd mayweather
i'm not even a fan of box/mma but c'mon if you don't think thistopc is a fucking joke then you're clueless	negative	floyd mayweather
let's be honest if thistopc gets starched on the numbrth will it not be the greatest moment in sports history	negative	floyd mayweather
local business continued:  i just wanted that smug female mma wrestler to see what thistopc may have encountered in the past	negative	floyd mayweather
somewhere in the universe thistopc just peed his pants worrying that he may run into ronda rousey in a dark alley. twitteraddr	negative	floyd mayweather
sorry but on september numbr i will be watching the oklahoma tennessee game not thistopc hugging someone for an hour.	negative	floyd mayweather
"""httpaddr  by now,this should not be a shock to anyone:thistopc still believes that he's the greatest boxer of all time"""	negative	floyd mayweather
topc - thistopc puts in more hard work and dedication ahead of september fight before posing with a... httpaddr	positive	floyd mayweather
"""'thistopc to face berto on numbr september.' good luck, bert. is that why you've been on the numbr:numbr diet?"""	positive	floyd mayweather
"""numbr yr old vet serafim todorov, the last man to beat thistopc, makes his return to the ring on sun. will fight on card in bulgaria"""	positive	floyd mayweather
twitteraddr if you were told you were going to lose to thistopc in the numbrth round you'd be rightly concerned about the first numbr rounds	positive	floyd mayweather
"""twitteraddr this is what """"thistopc"""" aka """"money may"""" made when he beat manny paquio.!!! lol.... $numbr million.."""	positive	floyd mayweather
twitteraddr see ricky hatton has said in an interview that thistopc is the numbrrd best of all time	positive	floyd mayweather
"""andre berto gets the call for thistopc's """"final"""" fight. sept numbr. start booking hotel rooms now!"""	positive	floyd mayweather
andre berto insists he feels better than ever ahead of his biggest ever fight against thistopc on september numbr. the numbr-year-old	positive	floyd mayweather
damn thistopc fight next saturday i gotta tell my dad to order it	positive	floyd mayweather
don't forget to topc for thistopc vs andre berto on september numbrth!  we've got all the action! httpaddr	positive	floyd mayweather
thistopc fight september numbr! come on down for the excitement &amp; grab your seat early !! topc	positive	floyd mayweather
thistopc fights andre burto this saturday. all i gotta say is where all the hype at????? lol	positive	floyd mayweather
thistopc going to fight andre berto in september thats just more money in my pocket lol	positive	floyd mayweather
thistopc has caused outrage with his 'top numbr boxers of all time'... ali is only numbrth. this is ridiculous! httpaddr	positive	floyd mayweather
thistopc is heavy favourite to go numbr-numbr on the numbrth. bet on the fight here - httpaddr topc httpaddr	positive	floyd mayweather
thistopc is the best welterweight in the world &amp; he's fighting a man who is the numbrnd best welterweight in his gym topc	positive	floyd mayweather
thistopc is the greatest boxer of all time.	positive	floyd mayweather
"""thistopc is the greatest. you may not like his attitude, but like at what this black man did in the sport of boxing. so fuck yall."""	positive	floyd mayweather
thistopc may be greatest boxer in the world right now but ronda rousey is the greatest fighter in the world	positive	floyd mayweather
thistopc puts undefeated record on the line with announcement of final fight httpaddr	positive	floyd mayweather
thistopc says muhammad ali is the numbrth best boxer of all time httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	floyd mayweather
thistopc vs andre berto on september numbr. will he make it numbr-numbr or it will be numbr-numbr? topc	positive	floyd mayweather
"""fresh off the fight of the decade, this saturday thistopc is back to defend his welterweight world title... httpaddr"	positive	floyd mayweather
"""i just saw thistopc at the fashion show &amp; i was like """"love you money may!"""" &amp; he's like """"thanks i appreciate you"""" lol"""	positive	floyd mayweather
"""i want the kids tomorrow to know that the """"world's greatest boxer,"""" thistopc, jr., ran and won."""	positive	floyd mayweather
i'm just waiting for thistopc to announce that he fighting september numbrth !!!!! i'm waiting to book his shit !!!	positive	floyd mayweather
if you missed the big news yesterday: thistopc v andre berto is live on twitteraddr sept numbr! httpaddr	positive	floyd mayweather
"""it's official thistopc vs andre berto september numbrth mgm grand, it is what it is i guess topc"	positive	floyd mayweather
love the way thistopc only refers to himself in numbrrd person	positive	floyd mayweather
"""michael jordan finished numbr-numbr in the nba finals. thistopc looks to hit numbr-numbr saturday, will history be... httpaddr"	positive	floyd mayweather
ronda rousey gave serial woman-beater thistopc a verbal tko on the espys red carpet wednesday night. httpaddr	positive	floyd mayweather
so if thistopc wins against berto &amp; ultimately ends up retiring undefeated he will be the numbrth undefeated fighter in topc history	positive	floyd mayweather
video: thistopc surprised members of the press in attendance at his media workout wednesday httpaddr  topc	positive	floyd mayweather
vegas sept numbr thistopc undercard. make sure you there!!	positive	floyd mayweather
will this really be it for mayweather?: las vegas: thistopc says he will call it quits after saturday'... httpaddr	positive	floyd mayweather
you may not like thistopc as a person but you have got to respect him and understand that he's one of the greatest of all time	positive	floyd mayweather
"""if you fight thistopc numbr times and he fights the same each time, you better believe you'll have a better chance the numbrth time."""	positive	floyd mayweather
damn thistopc and topc still in my news feed. now the numbrnd night in a row i go to bed with that song in my head. on loop for numbr hrs.	negative	foo fighters
"""thistopc - low (requested by a fan with a sign) aug numbr numbr omfg.. next show ill have a sign saying """"let it die""""  httpaddr"	negative	foo fighters
the thistopc noise will be so annoying on saturday trying to watch the football	negative	foo fighters
&amp; then thistopc sunday ...this one is so excited he'll prob poo his pants twitteraddr	positive	foo fighters
numbr% sure that i'm going to have a break down tomorrow at thistopc lol	positive	foo fighters
numbr thistopc tickets going cheap for this sat at milton keynes bowl topc topc topc topc	positive	foo fighters
"""numbrnd wedding anniversary today, celebrating with a trip to milton keynes to see the thistopc!"""	positive	foo fighters
"""numbrx thistopc tickets for this sat twitteraddr mk - selling for face value, shout up if you're interested or know someone who will be!"""	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr i saw the thistopc for the numbrth time last saturday.. what's your favorite foo album???	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr my liver needs a rest. i'm going to the thistopc concert tomorrow. lol	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr hope the forecast clears up for sat.  heading up there to see thistopc at wrigley.	positive	foo fighters
"""twitteraddr message from argentina: if u don`t come w/snarky in november, we`ll have numbr make a video begging like the thistopc fans did."""	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr need you to tweet to all your followers that there are still thistopc tickets available for mk bowl saturday and sunday	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr this was at the thistopc gig on sunday night. he was a persistent little *****er. love that derby skills are transferable! ;)	positive	foo fighters
"""twitteraddr didn't have a chance to listen friday, thoughts on the thistopc concert?"""	positive	foo fighters
"""twitteraddr am heading to see the thistopc on saturday, but if i'm honest, am more excited to see u lot at topc - don't tell my g/f"""	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr do you have show times available for thistopc this saturday?	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr just got back. heading back to the gorge for thistopc on friday	positive	foo fighters
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr awesome thistopc gig saturday at mk, he still rocks sat on his throne but yes i would've liked him to be numbr%"""	positive	foo fighters
"""twitteraddr  welcome to the numbrst century, cuz!  ginger and i saw thistopc last sunday, here's a pic. httpaddr"	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr will there be more trains available tomorrow from haymarket into glasgow due to the thistopc gig?	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr please tell me you are doing thistopc gig @ milton keynes sat? hubs had food @ silverstone today &amp; it looked amazing!!	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr twitteraddr stopping by tomorrow before the thistopc at wrigley. jungle boogie on my must get list! any blueberry left?	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr yeah i didn't get on here over the weekend so missed all of that! but seeing the thistopc saturday was awesome!	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr going to watch the brothers play rugby this afternoon and then thistopc tomorrow :)	positive	foo fighters
"""twitteraddr lol sounds nice, no beer for you, but i will be going to thistopc on thursday if you are back in town lol"""	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr is milton keynes going to be dry on saturday night alex? big gig outdoors watching the mighty thistopc topc	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr well... i'm seeing thistopc at the gorge on saturday... there's something else... i can't quite put my finger on it...	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr twitteraddr we saw the thistopc thursday night. it was an awesome show!	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr i was literally thinking we should do the same for fri/sat nights. we spent the night in brissie for thistopc	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr on saturday peeps will be saying the same thing about thistopc	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr twitteraddr the thistopc concert is on tuesday so i doubt we will even be back by numbr o'clock. i might not see you at all	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr let's not consider how awful tomorrow's commute with the additional thistopc traffic will be topc	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr two tickets to see thistopc at bowl tonight (sunday). face value. leighton buzzard or milton keynes area. any interest?	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr tickets finally arrived for thistopc at mk bowl on saturday night. tickets are a treat from the wife for my numbrth birthday	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr thanks lovey. we are going to see thistopc next sunday so that's getting me through!!	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr i'm going to see the thistopc on the numbrst so if i see these as well this would be the best year of concerts for me!!	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr you missed a beast of a show on saturday night with thistopc.	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr shit. thistopc are amazing live too. i saw them in may. least you got your car fixed tho.	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr twitteraddr is this for the thistopc.  is it saturday or sunday night you are asking about please?	positive	foo fighters
"""twitteraddr considering the thistopc just melted my face, i can't wait for tomorrow"""	positive	foo fighters
"""twitteraddr i'm due to see thistopc on sunday and i've bought car parking tickets, it doesn't state on the ticket which car park to use"""	positive	foo fighters
twitteraddr it'll be a cold day in hell before you got me anywhere near that sunday line up. i'd rather see the thistopc.	positive	foo fighters
"""twitteraddr hey tony saw you in the pit at thistopc on saturday, but didn't have the chance to say hi! did you have a good evening?"""	positive	foo fighters
a need to be in edinburgh/murry park in the next hour to start the set up for thistopc tomorrow but am still in bed so that won't happen	positive	foo fighters
"""after many months of waiting, and a cancelled wembley date along the way, i finally get to see thistopc tomorrow! exciting times."""	positive	foo fighters
"""after seeing the thistopc on saturday at milton keynes,  wished i had gone to murrayfield aswell.  can't wait for them to tour again."""	positive	foo fighters
all i wanna do is see the thistopc saturday at wrigley....	positive	foo fighters
"""also the band at the pub is making an ok-ish job out of the thistopc so my sunday night has been wrapped up in a weird, sweet kinda way."""	positive	foo fighters
although seeing numbrsos was amazing and one of the best nights of my life. the thistopc may have them beat httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
am i really going to see the thistopc on tuesday???!?!	positive	foo fighters
anybody know the timings for thistopc tomorrow? when do the supports come on?	positive	foo fighters
"""anyone want to buy numbr tickets to the thistopc in milton keynes on sunday, one of my workmates has some mates taht cant go"""	positive	foo fighters
anyone want to go and see thistopc on tuesday the numbrth of september?	positive	foo fighters
around this time tomorrow i will be standing in the middle of wrigley field waiting for the thistopc to come on stage!	positive	foo fighters
as if another reason was needed to love the thistopc...not the numbrst time they've made their stance known in kc. httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
"""bagged some tickets for the libertines @ the numbr acad this sunday , then i've the scotland v germany game monday then thistopc tuesday!"""	positive	foo fighters
being on the phone to twitteraddr live from the thistopc gig is livening my saturday night right up!	positive	foo fighters
buses to replace train services on sunday as fans flock to the national bowl to see thistopc | onemk httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
but hey i have the thistopc after my race tomorrow so i'm not complaining	positive	foo fighters
"""buzzing my tits off for the thistopc on sunday, the finger will be thrown around"""	positive	foo fighters
c'mon man. they can do better than this. give me the thistopc.  httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
can't believe i'm seeing the thistopc on sunday.. how did i ever think it was okay to miss it	positive	foo fighters
can't wait to get this shit day over and done with and see thistopc tomorrow!	positive	foo fighters
can't wait to see thistopc next sunday&amp;with royal bloods supporting will be insane	positive	foo fighters
could not be happier about the fact that i'm seeing the thistopc on tuesday.	positive	foo fighters
dave grohl i may not be in the cities with you singing word for word to thistopc songs right now but i'm there with you in spirit.	positive	foo fighters
did i mention i'm going to see thistopc tomorrow?	positive	foo fighters
does anybody in pittsburgh want a ticket to see the thistopc on tuesday at numbr? it pains me to miss the show but...	positive	foo fighters
does anyone have tickets to the thistopc concert tomorrow that they're willing to sell	positive	foo fighters
"""early start today off to birmingham, long day ahead with bit of travelling.. but hey thistopc on sunday! weekend!!!"""	positive	foo fighters
"""enjoy trudging to work. i'm in a lovely hotel in my pants, contemplating how good the thistopc will be tomorrow."""	positive	foo fighters
epic weekend on the horizon thistopc tomorrow and hopefully wales finally finishing the job sunday	positive	foo fighters
ever have a song that just hits the right spot for you? these days by the thistopc was it for me. side note: mom gets diagnosis tomorrow	positive	foo fighters
excited to see the thistopc today but cannot be arsed for getting back early hours of the morning and being tired tomorrow	positive	foo fighters
exciting weekend. kitchen being fitted today thistopc live tomorrow. iggy pop and royal blood supporting is the icing on the cake	positive	foo fighters
favorite this tweet if you want to be my date to thistopc at wrigley field this saturday	positive	foo fighters
felt privileged to play thistopc songs on guitar today with one of the plectrums from the gig on saturday.	positive	foo fighters
final completed line up for today's bluebird sessions! the thistopc may have rescheduled their gig for tonight... httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
first football match of the season today and thistopc tomorrow topc	positive	foo fighters
thistopc - my hero dedicated to the crusaders last drive............. that's what friday night's all about dog!!! httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
"""thistopc rick roll westboro baptist church httpaddr topc it's not really a song or a loud monday, but it's amazing so ^^"""	positive	foo fighters
"""thistopc are here tomorrow! join us for happy hour before the show at gate numbr from numbr-numbrpm.  $numbr cocktails, $numbr beer, $numbr sodas/water"""	positive	foo fighters
"""thistopc concert tomorrow. so in preparation, i'm in the gym working on those all important body parts. httpaddr"	positive	foo fighters
"""thistopc concert tonight, bachelor party tomorrow, and wedding saturday. best wishes, liver."""	positive	foo fighters
"""thistopc have a day off tomorrow so i'm hoping i can finally meet my real dad, dave grohl."""	positive	foo fighters
"""thistopc in numbr days, night with my fave people tonight, work night tomorrow, and watching a panda open his birthday presents this morning"""	positive	foo fighters
"""thistopc in edinburgh tomorrow night(!!!!!!!) with twitteraddr and i move to uni on friday, what an excellent/terrifying week"""	positive	foo fighters
"""thistopc in october, shinedown in november, jaguars in december, and razorbacks in between. are you ready twitteraddr ?"""	positive	foo fighters
thistopc in st. paul with bennett on his numbrth birthday. a spur-of-the-moment decision that ended up working out! httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
thistopc often cover under pressure at shows. saturday did it with roger taylor &amp; john paul jones joining them- httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
thistopc opening with everlong tomorrow is gonna be a hot shitty mess of emotions	positive	foo fighters
"""thistopc tomorrow night in milton keynes also supported by royal blood, can't wait, going to be awesome!"""	positive	foo fighters
thistopc tomorrow night with twitteraddr and twitteraddr . ayyeeee	positive	foo fighters
thistopc tonight and tomorrow. i'm gonna have myself a foo-king great weekend... and i hope you do too! httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
"""thistopc were exceptional last night, dave grohl can still command a presence despite being sat on a throne! goosebumps at the old stuff"""	positive	foo fighters
thistopc were incredible! know i'm going to be dead tomorrow but so worth it!	positive	foo fighters
"""thistopc, iggy pop and royal blood on sunday. now that's what you call a good gig (hopefully (in fact almost definitely) )"""	positive	foo fighters
"""thistopc last night. .. tonight i get to start a new book.  rock and roll , it's how i roll  and twitteraddr gig on friday!"""	positive	foo fighters
"""thistopc next monday with me mum, might have to score md &amp; get mashed up"""	positive	foo fighters
"""get in! royal blood announced supporting the thistopc on the sunday at mk bowl, knew it was a matter of time! twitteraddr"	positive	foo fighters
getting really anxious about this thistopc concert tomorrow night haha cool :)	positive	foo fighters
going to be good seeing thistopc on sunday. will wash away the post festival blues.	positive	foo fighters
going to see thistopc in edinburgh tomorrow night but for now it's madonna on spotify shuffle.	positive	foo fighters
going to the thistopc on the numbrth!! now just gotta see when rhcp comes out here	positive	foo fighters
"""gone from eminem, to fetty wap, to kenny chesney and johnny cash, to taking back sunday and thistopc in the last hour. topc"	positive	foo fighters
"""good morning sunshine...thistopc, aurora, live, milton keynes bowl, from the front, saturday... httpaddr via twitteraddr"	positive	foo fighters
"""got a couple of tickets for thistopc tomorrow - selling at face value, give me a shout if you want them"""	positive	foo fighters
"""greatness """"twitteraddr thistopc rick roll'd the westboro baptist church friday night httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	foo fighters
guess who's going to see thistopc on tuesday!!!!! (me)	positive	foo fighters
ha... just got tickets for thistopc with mads tomorrow night. can't wait.	positive	foo fighters
had a look at the weather forecast. numbrk tomorrow in abysmal weather. dusted off my numbrh thistopc playlist. numbr-day lethargy ends now	positive	foo fighters
haha i'm going to see thistopc tomorrow jesus christ that's just hit me	positive	foo fighters
happy friday you crazy fucks!!! long weekend!!! numbr week till the concert!! thistopc - best of you: httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
happy monday!  the winners of our thistopc competition will be announced today! who will be going to their... httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
hey fb. a friend of mine has an extra ticket to the thistopc concert tomorrow night in pittsburgh. message me... httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
hey friends! i have two extra tickets to the thistopc concert at the gorge this saturday! dm me for info!	positive	foo fighters
"""hey guys! we'll be closed tomorrow (numbrth). d'wan has been blessed with a ticket to the thistopc concert, so... httpaddr"	positive	foo fighters
how about some newish thistopc for your thursday morning? it's songs from the laundry room of course! httpaddr topc	positive	foo fighters
i am just thankful it's not raining tomorrow for thistopc.	positive	foo fighters
"""i can clearly hear thistopc playing the milyon keynes bowl from my house. crowds are cheering like mad, sounds great. roll on tomorrow"""	positive	foo fighters
i can't believe i'm going to see the thistopc tomorrow!	positive	foo fighters
"""i could be going to see thistopc tomorrow night. but no, i just haad to play for church... x'd d':"""	positive	foo fighters
i had an amazing day at the milton keynes bowl seeing the thistopc and iggy pop and royal blood for the numbrst... httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
"""i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr thistopc, aurora, live, milton keynes bowl, from the front, saturday numbrth"""	positive	foo fighters
"""i may have two more classes today, but all i can think about is seeing the thistopc in numbr hours"""	positive	foo fighters
i might go see thistopc monday. just got to get acquainted with their songs except for the mainstream ines	positive	foo fighters
i might have forgotten that i'm going to see thistopc on monday	positive	foo fighters
i really hope the weather picks up for saturday and sunday! a wedding and thistopc	positive	foo fighters
i really really really want to see thistopc on saturday!!!	positive	foo fighters
"""i really wana see thistopc for the numbrrd time, so unreal live"""	positive	foo fighters
i want to spend tomorrow drinking whiskey and listening to thistopc	positive	foo fighters
i'm going to see the thistopc tonight in edinburgh! i expect to be numbr% a better human being tomorrow morning!... httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
"""i'm going to sob like a child at thistopc tomorrow, i can just feel it"""	positive	foo fighters
i'm seeing thistopc at wrigley field tomorrow but it's supposed to rain all day what the fuck	positive	foo fighters
i'm slightly bummed the thistopc are playing friday night of acl rather than sunday. i'm pretty much not gonna care the other numbr days.	positive	foo fighters
i'm so excited for dave grohl and the thistopc to be in the hood saturday httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
"""i've heard mcr, green day &amp; the thistopc coming out of the dish room today. fingers crossed, i get the same playlist tomorrow! heeeee"""	positive	foo fighters
"""im seeing the thistopc tomorrow night, holly is returning on sunday! monday night has a lot to live up to."""	positive	foo fighters
in the car on our way to milton keynes to see the thistopc tomorrow. topc topc httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
it's saturday!!! bring on the thistopc tonight!!! httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
it's a thistopc friday on numbr the wolf..  fast freddie has your chance to win tickets all afternoon. when you... httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
james is going seeing the thistopc tomorrow and i am very jealous	positive	foo fighters
just about recovered from a mad two weeks of events. thistopc at the mk bowl tomorrow. gonna rock out and recharge!	positive	foo fighters
"""just looked up thistopc set list for tomorrow, and i'm sooooo excited it's so perfect"""	positive	foo fighters
just reading this review proves that the thistopc simply rocked milton keynes!  httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
"""just realised i'll be going to see thistopc this time on tuesday, i'm so excited!"""	positive	foo fighters
just seen this picture from saturday at thistopc. minions always make me think of twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
just sinking in that i go to see the thistopc on sunday. i'm actually going to see dave grohl perform. insane.	positive	foo fighters
just watched this for the numbrth time...thistopc invitation from numbr people playing 'learn to fly'  httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	foo fighters
"""last shift in the pub tonight, going to see thistopc on tuesday and then it's back to stirling on wednesday. canny wait!"""	positive	foo fighters
leo's numbrst thistopc concert. numbrhr round trip to see his hero twitteraddr topc thank you for the memories httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
"""like i'm not going to complain tomorrow when i'm there but cheers for all this traffic thistopc, some of us have to get to revs later."""	positive	foo fighters
listening to thistopc all day to prepare for tomorrow yeeessss	positive	foo fighters
listening to the thistopc live while watching intervention. what a perfect little saturday.	positive	foo fighters
"""long weekend, four days of work then thistopc on sunday. just to make it to friday now."""	positive	foo fighters
m/t arliehartman: bnumbrw john played a song with the thistopc on thursday night. it was great!	positive	foo fighters
me today = this. glad i took a day's leave after not getting back from thistopc gig until half numbr this morning. httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
might be getting a little excited about seeing thistopc on saturday. topc	positive	foo fighters
mildly hysterical about seeing the thistopc on saturday - the pretender httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	foo fighters
missing  thistopc concert on the numbrth at the gorge though so that's a major bummer	positive	foo fighters
mon show! live from the clock at the clocktower til numbr:numbr! stop by for chance to win thistopc tix &amp; new music from disturbed &amp; pop evil!	positive	foo fighters
mother-daughter night at numbrst niagara pavilion with the thistopc :d it's gonna be a great day!  ..tomorrow at... httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
"""my numbr yr old son is going to see the thistopc today. i am so jealous, i may just burn his shirts when i iron them!"""	positive	foo fighters
"""my chum has numbr etickets for thistopc at mk bowl for this sunday, but illness is stopping them going. up for face value topc"	positive	foo fighters
my pals are off to the lake to hear the thistopc and i'm just sat out my room listening from the distance.  bailed again.	positive	foo fighters
my parents are in the numbrth row at a thistopc concert and i just got home from work wondering if it's too early for bed. life is weird.	positive	foo fighters
night out with sister and some of her friends from work. sat on corner of table next to some bloke in a thistopc t shirt. absolute vibes	positive	foo fighters
now playing thistopc -  cold day in the sun httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
"""ok topc just may be my heros today! httpaddr thistopc """"rick roll"""" westboro baptist """"church"""" (quotes are mine)"""	positive	foo fighters
"""ok i may regret this question, but...why is wbc protesting a thistopc concert? and don't tell me it's a... httpaddr"	positive	foo fighters
"""of the numbr milton keynes setlists the thistopc played this past weekend, the saturday was definitely the better one. glad i was there"""	positive	foo fighters
"""off to edinburgh today, so excited! thistopc tomorrow night, i'm so ready to rock with the guys! twitteraddr"	positive	foo fighters
"""officially vacation week...ok, well starting tomorrow. pirates game, thistopc concert &amp; spending time with twitteraddr"	positive	foo fighters
"""omg i forgot to brag, i saw the thistopc live on friday night, it was an amazing show!! httpaddr"	positive	foo fighters
"""rock royalty in town: dave grohl's thistopc, with openers royal blood,  at first niagara tomorrow. httpaddr  twitteraddr"	positive	foo fighters
"""roll call: who's going to the thistopc show tomorrow? i'll be there with my mom, who will tell me to ease up on the beer, justine ruth."""	positive	foo fighters
royal blood have announced they're gonna be playing with thistopc next saturday! topc topc	positive	foo fighters
royal blood is here recording a bad ass new song before their show with thistopc at dte tomorrow! httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
"""royal blood play with thistopc @ mk tomorrow. numbr of the bands i'm desperate to see, in one place. can't wait! rb were awesome at reading!"""	positive	foo fighters
"""saturday morning means extra nice coffee, doing my nails &amp; watching tv with my little cats prepping for thistopc gig tonight at mk bowl!"""	positive	foo fighters
saw the thistopc at milton keynes. the songs started. it was summer for a day and the sun went down. we walked home on unbroken legs.	positive	foo fighters
"""scotland v germany tonight; thistopc tomorrow, and pile of work to get through in the meantime... who's doing the coffee run???"""	positive	foo fighters
seeing thistopc tomorrow aaarrgghhhh i'm excited and terrified at the same time	positive	foo fighters
seeing thistopc tonight for the first time since numbrth grade...so pumped topc	positive	foo fighters
"""since someone offered, it looks like i'm going to thistopc at wrigley tomorrow!"""	positive	foo fighters
so excited to see the thistopc tomorrow topc	positive	foo fighters
so happy to see that royal blood are now supporting the thistopc at milton keynes on numbr september .. as well... httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
so offspring were amazing and set the bar very high. thistopc went over the bar last night. now to see what brand new do on friday.	positive	foo fighters
so so happy royal blood have been added to the thistopc gigs on numbrth and numbrth at milton keynes! yay	positive	foo fighters
so stoked to see the thistopc again this tuesday	positive	foo fighters
"""still have numbr x thistopc tickets for sale for tomorrow at the milton keynes bowl @ numbrpm.  unable to go, message me for details."""	positive	foo fighters
such a good weekend planned. on route to the thistopc today and then a beautiful wedding tomorrow!	positive	foo fighters
tackle the monday blues with this epic thistopc playlist courtesy of *your's truly* so ready for topc httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
that's us signing off. tweeting resumes from numbram tomorrow. safe travels and enjoy thistopc if you are going to murrayfield tonight.	positive	foo fighters
the thistopc are playing the mk bowl this weekend. did you see bowie or mj at the bowl? planning a mini feature for my saturday show x	positive	foo fighters
the thistopc convinced me i should mop my entire house. taking bets on whether or not my back &amp; hip will agree with them tomorrow...	positive	foo fighters
"""the thistopc may be my favorite concert, ever. it's one of the only times i've truly """"felt"""" the energy between the band and crowd."""	positive	foo fighters
the thistopc may or may not have just ruined any future concerts that i attend. that was awesome!!	positive	foo fighters
the thistopc rick rolling the westboro baptist church may be one of the greatest things i have ever seen	positive	foo fighters
the thistopc show has a lot of diversity. in the white people that attend a concert on a tuesday night.	positive	foo fighters
the fact that thistopc rickrolled the westboro baptist church today just makes me love them even more. bring on september numbrth.	positive	foo fighters
"""then again away to see the thistopc tomorrow, so it's no all bad."""	positive	foo fighters
"""there are so many thistopc songs i'd love to see live, but i think february stars is the one i'd like to see the most"""	positive	foo fighters
this is awesome!! good for the thistopc! httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
"""this pizza has taken over an hour... there's a thistopc concert here, so they may have trouble getting to the house ffs"""	positive	foo fighters
this time tomorrow i'll be waiting for the thistopc to grace the stage with twitteraddr topc topc	positive	foo fighters
"""this time tomorrow i'll be watching thistopc with one of my best friends ever, eeeeeeeek"""	positive	foo fighters
tickets now available for the mk welcomes the thistopc event with trippah and venus high trap twitteraddr numbr sep httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
tonight going to see thistopc in concert + friday kenney chesney :))	positive	foo fighters
"""tonight, billy joel takes wrigley field and then, on saturday, the thistopc! stop by for a drink beforehand. ---&gt; httpaddr"	positive	foo fighters
too much partying ...last of lovely visitors are here for another night then i am going to sleep and dream of the thistopc next saturday	positive	foo fighters
tooooo excited!! thistopc tonight then cali tomorrow night eeeeeeeeeeee!!!!	positive	foo fighters
well buzzin for the thistopc on tuesday	positive	foo fighters
"""what time are thistopc, iggy pop &amp; royal blood on stage at the national bowl on sat numbr &amp; sun numbr? | onemk httpaddr"	positive	foo fighters
when you're leaving saturday but your cousin offers you an extra thistopc ticket...	positive	foo fighters
who is all going to be up in wrigleyville tomorrow for thistopc?!	positive	foo fighters
who wants to see the thistopc in indianapolis tomorrow?  i have two tickets that i'm not going to get to use. so bummed!	positive	foo fighters
who's ready for the thistopc tomorrow night?! britton tavern is your pre-concert and post-concert party... httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
why are people looking forward to thistopc tomorrow and not the fact it's my birthday?	positive	foo fighters
wish i could see the thistopc at wrigley tonight but they put on one of the best shows thursday!	positive	foo fighters
words cannot express how pumped i am for the thistopc on the numbrth	positive	foo fighters
"""yesterday was a grand day, woken up with pancakes and tea in bed, ended with thistopc. best saturday. best boyfriend."""	positive	foo fighters
yippee! and today we get to celebrate (belated) our numbrth wedding anniversary. the thistopc tonight!!! with... httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
did i mention im going to see thistopc in milton keynes tomorrow !!!!... httpaddr	positive	foo fighters
gonna listen to thistopc and get acquainted with most of their songs besides the mainstream then i'ma move onto royal blood for monday	positive	foo fighters
"""if work today and tomorrow are any indication, the thistopc and lake street drive concerts better be fucking epic"""	positive	foo fighters
seeing the thistopc september numbrth would be ideal	positive	foo fighters
the ppl on the radio today made fun of iwata passing then followed it up saying the thistopc are better then nirvana so yea happy monday	positive	foo fighters
when i go to the thistopc concert in october in atlanta i'm gonna be so sad if don't get to meet dave grohl somehow	positive	foo fighters
you dont understand how excited i am for the thistopc tomorrow!!   mother fuckin twitteraddr   topc   *whispers*  thistopc	positive	foo fighters
""".twitteraddr oh, 'conservative' twitteraddr even ripped thistopc over vietnam after he died, she may be more than just an asshole"""	negative	frank gifford
fail: philly daily news with the numbrnd worse possible thistopc death photo httpaddr v httpaddr	negative	frank gifford
"""thistopc always lived in someone's shadow, whether it was howard cosell's on """"monday night football"""" or kathie lee's in married life."""	negative	frank gifford
you may remember thistopc as a great football player or broadcaster. but i remember him as the guy who wanted anal from a stewardess	negative	frank gifford
"""you may remember thistopc for football, but i remember him for putting his cock in another girl's ass while he was married to kath lee."""	negative	frank gifford
""".twitteraddr &lt;-arguably one of thistopc's biggest fans, your love for him was legendary...may he rip"""	positive	frank gifford
"""twitteraddr  never seen thistopc play, but grew up watching him on monday nights , thanks you mr gifford  rip"""	positive	frank gifford
twitteraddr  my  heart is broken for your loss of your husband thistopc may he rest in peace god bless you and your family.	positive	frank gifford
twitteraddr thistopc was responsible for many hours of enjoyment for me on mnf......he was talented....may he rip....	positive	frank gifford
twitteraddr so sorry for the loss of your beloved husband and father of your kids. may you see him again in heaven. rip thistopc.	positive	frank gifford
twitteraddr so sorry for your loss. i will always remember monday night football with thistopc. xo	positive	frank gifford
twitteraddr when i hear the words monday night football i still think thistopc. thank you for sharing his testimony on the air!	positive	frank gifford
twitteraddr praying for you and your beautiful family!! may thistopc rest in peace.	positive	frank gifford
twitteraddr so sorry for your loss. may you and cody and cassidy smile everytime you think of the great thistopc	positive	frank gifford
twitteraddr thistopc was monday night football. got into it watching from australia in the early numbr's topc	positive	frank gifford
"""twitteraddr a sad, shocking day for football. may thistopc be remembered always and forever, rip"""	positive	frank gifford
twitteraddr  i grew up listening to thistopc on monday night football.   thanks for all the memories. rest in peace!	positive	frank gifford
"""twitteraddr i thought your tribute to thistopc was first class all around on sunday. thank you, jason."""	positive	frank gifford
"""twitteraddr when i think of thistopc, i think of him as the guy on monday night football than his playing career."""	positive	frank gifford
"""twitteraddr prayers for all of you today. may god carry each one of you during this sad time """"footprints in the sand"""",  rip thistopc"""	positive	frank gifford
twitteraddr we lost one of the greats today.. thistopc was amazing and also had the voice that i loved on monday night. topc	positive	frank gifford
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr / monday night football was must see tv back with thistopc, dandy don &amp; howard cosell. they had the magic mixture."""	positive	frank gifford
a very young dobber had the privilege of watching thistopc providing commentary on monday night football. much respect topc	positive	frank gifford
"""add my good buddy twitteraddr to tomorrow's guest list talking the late, great thistopc, jpp and the giants."""	positive	frank gifford
al michaels &amp; thistopc provided the soundtrack for monday night football when i was just getting into the game. a true renaissance man.	positive	frank gifford
al michaels said he never saw thistopc lose his cool in numbr yrs working alongside him. poised amid tv madness httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
"""always enjoyed it when thistopc was on monday night football, especially when he was teamed with al michaels and dan dierdorf."""	positive	frank gifford
always remember thistopc doing monday night football man you're going to be missed rip	positive	frank gifford
as a teenager in the numbr's i loved monday night football and listening to thistopc. even cosell and dandy don were tolerable	positive	frank gifford
before there was michael strahan sitting there with kelly there was thistopc httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
"""best play by play man monday night football ever had, back when you couldn't wait for mnf to be on ! thistopc  rip"""	positive	frank gifford
celebrating the memories of a man who graced us with his knowledge and passion for the game every monday night topc thistopc. topc topc	positive	frank gifford
celebrities pay tribute to thistopc on twitter: after nfl legend thistopc died sunday at the age of ... httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
"""condolences to the family, friends and fans of legendary football  player and broadcaster, thistopc. may he rest in peace."""	positive	frank gifford
deeply saddened by the sudden death of thistopc. he will always be the voice of monday night football for me.	positive	frank gifford
thistopc and al michaels are the voices i hear when i think about monday night football twitteraddr	positive	frank gifford
thistopc called numbr games in the history of monday night football. this is the most mnf broadcast history. httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
thistopc did numbr seasons on monday night football. thanks for the memories  when i was young.  rip	positive	frank gifford
thistopc did more than just monday night football for abc.  also a fill-in host for good morning america and late night for olympics	positive	frank gifford
"""thistopc died sunday am in his ct home. family: """"we rejoice in the extraordinary life he was privileged to live..."""""""	positive	frank gifford
"""thistopc dies. may the man rest in peace. an all-time great player and broadcaster, no question httpaddr"	positive	frank gifford
thistopc dying on hall of fame weekend is strangely bittersweet. he and the monday night football broadcasting team were the best ever.	positive	frank gifford
thistopc may have not been the most skilled game caller-and he didnt have to be in numbr man booth-but always brought elegance to tv sports	positive	frank gifford
"""thistopc not only had a terrific career in football, but he was also one of the pioneers of monday night... httpaddr"	positive	frank gifford
"""thistopc now being serenaded with """"turn out the lights"""" by don meredith. topc httpaddr"	positive	frank gifford
thistopc past away numbr/numbr/numbr. helping to light up the camaraderie on monday nights was only a part of what he'll be remembered (next	positive	frank gifford
thistopc still has the most td's (numbr) in twitteraddr history. he is numbrth in rushing yds &amp; numbrnd in receiving yds. also numbrth in td passes (numbr).	positive	frank gifford
thistopc was a giant on the field before he spent a career on monday night football.  httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
"""thistopc was a class act. nygiant star. a great announcer, the perfect balance for cosell and meredith on monday night football. rip"""	positive	frank gifford
thistopc was a great football player. i remember he used to be one of the commentators on monday night football too. topc	positive	frank gifford
thistopc was the face of giants and original 'monday night' rock star httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
thistopc was the only sportcaster to do both play by play and color commentary for monday night football. topc	positive	frank gifford
thistopc was what the ny giants were all about in the numbr's and numbr's. numbrst class	positive	frank gifford
thistopc who also was a great broadcaster on monday night football was the perfect role for our kids regardless of where they were born	positive	frank gifford
"""thistopc's work on monday night football w/howard cosell, don meredith, al michaels &amp; dan dierdorf really helped make me an nfl fan."""	positive	frank gifford
"""thistopc, al michaels and dan dierdorf are pretty much the sound of every sleepy late-night fall monday of my childhood."""	positive	frank gifford
"""thistopc, dan dierdorf and al michaels formed one the greatest monday night football (topc broadcasting teams."""	positive	frank gifford
"""thistopc, howard cosell and """"dandy don"""" meredith made monday night football what it is. rest in peace, guys. you were a hoot."""	positive	frank gifford
"""thistopc, legendary monday night football sportscaster and husband of kathie lee gifford/frank had a great life &amp; just missed numbr!"""	positive	frank gifford
"""thistopc, a hall of fame football player for the new york giants and a legendary broadcaster, died sunday."""	positive	frank gifford
"""thistopc, a golden boy who helped usher the nfl into its golden age, died sunday, exactly a week shy of his... httpaddr"	positive	frank gifford
"""thistopc, dies at numbr - the washington post. i worked with frank way back at wide world of sports. class act. rip httpaddr"	positive	frank gifford
"""thistopc, the legendary sportscaster, has died, his family announced sunday afternoon. he was numbr. - dave httpaddr"	positive	frank gifford
"""thistopc..born aug numbr, numbr to aug numbr, numbr..football will never be the same to me without frank httpaddr"	positive	frank gifford
god bless you mr. thistopc. may you rest in peace.	positive	frank gifford
hall of famer thistopc a nfl legend on the field and in the booth calling the games on monday night football... httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
hof president: thistopc 'built the game': the passing of thistopc cast a cloud over sunday's proceed... httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
happy trails to thistopc. grew up with him calling monday night football and always found him an underrated broadcaster. topc	positive	frank gifford
hi twitteraddr i absolutely loved twitteraddr testimony of faith about thistopc on twitteraddr this mon am. beautiful tribute!	positive	frank gifford
"""howard, dandy and thistopc talking the nfl in the great somewhere tonight--monday night."""	positive	frank gifford
i always enjoyed watching monday night football when thistopc and company called the games.	positive	frank gifford
i am sad to learn of the death of thistopc. you made monday night football what it is today. giants nation mourns ur loss. god bless.	positive	frank gifford
"""i grew up with monday night football. as long as i can remember, thistopc was part of our household. today... httpaddr"	positive	frank gifford
i have many fond memories of sneaking up past my bedtime to watch thistopc on monday night football. we'll miss you man.	positive	frank gifford
i just heard about thistopc. anyone who ever watched monday night football enjoyed it more with him. rest in peace.	positive	frank gifford
"""i just heard that thistopc, nfl hall-of-fame, abc monday night football, father &amp; husband has died. prayers &amp; thoughts numbr his family"""	positive	frank gifford
i know that had to be hard for al michaels to announce the passing of thistopc. they covered a lot of games on monday nights. topc topc	positive	frank gifford
i love monday night football.  thistopc was so great with dandy don al michaels.  we love you frank.  twitteraddr sorry numbryour loss	positive	frank gifford
i may be an ardent twitteraddr fan but i still respect the heck out of thistopc. he was so pivotal to the twitteraddr growth.	positive	frank gifford
"""i offer my sympathy to the thistopc family. thank you for your years with the ny giants &amp; monday night football. rip, mr. gifford."""	positive	frank gifford
i so miss the colliding helmets abc monday night football use to do. plus the storytelling element that thistopc and bob costas did	positive	frank gifford
i was saddened to hear of the death of thistopc. i only saw him on monday night football but he was great. he will be missed.	positive	frank gifford
i was sad to hear about thistopc who died sunday at age numbr. he played for the n.y. giants and was also married to kathie lee gifford.	positive	frank gifford
i'm so sorry to hear of the loss thistopc. losing you best friend is so hard and sad. may the lord hold you in his hands.	positive	frank gifford
"""if you're my age, this was """"monday night football!"""" and these numbr guys are all gone now... so long thistopc... httpaddr"	positive	frank gifford
ill always remember thistopc calling the monday night football games!! topc	positive	frank gifford
"""it's very impressive that thistopc, who died sunday at numbr, remains the leading touchdown scorer in the history of the new york twitteraddr"	positive	frank gifford
just saw thistopc died -- may he rest in peace.	positive	frank gifford
"""just talked to dan dierdorf about the death of thistopc, his former monday night football broadcast partner: """"i wasn't expecting it."""""""	positive	frank gifford
"""last of the original, inimitable monday night football crew. thistopc, n.f.l. star &amp; broadcaster, dies at numbr httpaddr"	positive	frank gifford
"""lost one of the greats in thistopc. who can forget those monday night football games with frank, dandy don and howard."""	positive	frank gifford
"""man! thistopc died. i was too young to remember his playing days, but he was a gem on monday night football. topc"	positive	frank gifford
many may know thistopc as a legendary football player devoted to the new york giants. others may hear his... httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
may the lord bless the family of thistopc.	positive	frank gifford
may your journey be peaceful thistopc as you move to the light. sending prayers of comfort and adjustment to... httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
my take coming up:  thistopc's impact on the game and on me. monday night football was never just a game. it's an event. twitteraddr	positive	frank gifford
my condolences to the amazing family of thistopc... may the holy spirit comfort you with the knowledge that he's in heaven already!	positive	frank gifford
my generation learned to love the nfl every monday night thanks to thistopc. sending all my prayers to his family  topc	positive	frank gifford
my heart goes out to thistopc and family. may all your memories of frank bring you comfort.  topc topc	positive	frank gifford
my memory tells me that thistopc was the numbrst  athlete i asked for an autograph. i was a youngster and he was a giant. at a yankee game	positive	frank gifford
my thoughts and prayers are with my twitteraddr comrade thistopc and his family.  may our topc great rest in paradise.	positive	frank gifford
"""my thoughts go out to the family of thistopc, great on monday night football and in the hall of fame in football. topc"	positive	frank gifford
nfl legend thistopc passes away at numbr. most will remember him on monday night football. did you see him play? httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
nailed it! booyah! greatest mnf memory earl campbell numbr yds numbr td's and the numbr td run! i was numbr! thistopc rip! httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
nice touch by twitteraddr to run the music from friday night lights (twitteraddr during their tribute to thistopc. topc	positive	frank gifford
"""nice tribute to thistopc, may he rest in peace topc"	positive	frank gifford
r.i.p. thistopc. i truly enjoyed your monday night football broadcasts with al and dan.	positive	frank gifford
r.i.p. to thistopc. revolutionized multi-position athletes and was great on the call of monday night football.	positive	frank gifford
rip thistopc enjoyed many a monday night listening and watching u call the nfl	positive	frank gifford
"""rip thistopc one of the all time greatest giants and a mainstay on monday night football for years, topc"	positive	frank gifford
"""rip thistopc, in my opinion the best play by play man ever on monday night football. httpaddr"	positive	frank gifford
"""rip thistopc, the original voice of monday night football with cosell and meredith"""	positive	frank gifford
rip thistopc.  he will forever be linked to the legend and legacy of monday night football. topc	positive	frank gifford
rip thistopc.  i remember him most for broadcasting on monday night football with meredith and cosell.  he... httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
"""rip thistopc. always seemed like a class act, especially when thrust into the monday night football circus that was howard cosell."""	positive	frank gifford
"""rip thistopc. growing up in the 'numbr, watching him on monday night football. he was an nfl institution."""	positive	frank gifford
rip thistopc. he was the voice monday night football when i was growing up. great player as well.	positive	frank gifford
rip thistopc. monday night football has never been the same without you. topc	positive	frank gifford
rip thistopc. nfl hof.  i remember him from mnf as a kid. especially the campbell game. arguably best game ever. httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
rip thistopc. the voice of monday night football. i didn't know he was numbr. condolences to his family and friends.	positive	frank gifford
"""rip giants legend, thistopc. gifford was the last of the monday night football triumverate of cosell, gifford and dandy don meredith."""	positive	frank gifford
"""rip to thistopc , always remember as a kid anytime you heard his voice you knew it was time for monday night football ."""	positive	frank gifford
remember thistopc teaming with dandy don meredith and howard cosell or monday night football. that was can't miss tv.	positive	frank gifford
remembering thistopc: your say: readers comment on the death of an nfl hall of famer and former monday ni... httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
rest in peace... thistopc. may god be with kathie lee during her time of need.	positive	frank gifford
rest in peace thistopc. i can't think  of my youth without you on monday nite football	positive	frank gifford
rest in peace thistopc ! my thoughts and prayers go out to twitteraddr  and her family! may god be with them thero this hard time!	positive	frank gifford
sad thistopc dies today at numbr( turn out the lights the partys  over)if you remember that its from monday... httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
"""sad that howard cosell, don meredith &amp; now thistopc have all passed . the original monday night football abc telecast was the best!!"""	positive	frank gifford
sad to hear thistopc died. numbrof the best monday night crews and a kind man when i met him httpaddr httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
sad to hear about thistopc's passing. i always remember him with al michaels and dan dierdorf on monday night football	positive	frank gifford
sad to hear one of my boyhood heroes topc nfl hof member &amp; monday night football original thistopc has passed to the great beyond	positive	frank gifford
sad to hear the passing of thistopc . always enjoyed him on monday night football.	positive	frank gifford
sending my prayers to the family of thistopc. may the strength of god comfort you during this difficult time.	positive	frank gifford
sending my sincere prayers &amp; condolences to the gifford family on thistopc's passing. may he rest in peace.	positive	frank gifford
sincere condolences to our friend twitteraddr &amp; family on the passing of thistopc. may he rest in peace. httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
so sad to hear about about thistopc...may he rest in peace...	positive	frank gifford
still in shock and saddened to hear of thistopc's passing. may one of the great giants rip.	positive	frank gifford
today remembers 'triumph' thistopc: see his best moments httpaddr via twitteraddr may he rest in peace!	positive	frank gifford
thank you thistopc for the many monday night memories.  you'll be missed httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
the giff was the main reason i once loved monday night football. rip usc and nfl legend thistopc.	positive	frank gifford
"""the monday night football song will always feature """"frank and al and dan"""" to me. thanks for the memories, thistopc."""	positive	frank gifford
the nfl lost an icon with the passing of thistopc. he was a legend on the field and in the monday night booth! httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
"""the coolest guy in the room ... thistopc ... monday night football will always be howard cosell, don meredith and frank topc"	positive	frank gifford
the passing of thistopc reminded me how great sports used to be before the espn's wrecked . monday night football was an event	positive	frank gifford
this was my monday nights as a child and i just heard the news topc thistopc httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
very saddened at the loss of thistopc. monday night football and wide world of sports. some of you may remember his call of evel's jump	positive	frank gifford
was just talking about thistopc sat &amp; sadly he dies on sun. maybe i'll be talking about twitteraddr today. topc	positive	frank gifford
watching monday night football with don meredith - howard cosell and thistopc was the best sportscasting of all time.	positive	frank gifford
"""we will miss you thistopc, nfl legend &amp; hubby of twitteraddr now walking in glory &amp; wonder with god himself httpaddr"	positive	frank gifford
"""when i'm soaring on sunday afternoon, i learn thistopc--one of my faves on the field and inside the broadcast booth--has died."""	positive	frank gifford
"""with thistopc's passing, you really should track down &amp; watch """"monday night mayhem."""" incredibly entertaining tv movie about mnf history"""	positive	frank gifford
"""with the passing of thistopc, let's remember what a positive leader he was - &amp; appreciate every day! the sun... httpaddr"	positive	frank gifford
your were awesome thistopc monday night football isn't the same	positive	frank gifford
he had a good life and a wonderful wife.. may thistopc rip httpaddr	positive	frank gifford
"""it's an extremely rare occurrence when twitteraddr writes a professional column, so enjoy his thistopc sendoff httpaddr"	positive	frank gifford
thistopc is like monday and the weeknd is like friday nobody wants monday's. twitteraddr	negative	frank ocean
topc twitteraddr pls tell me you ain't doing some thistopc shit and waiting till february or something	negative	frank ocean
"""twitteraddr must think you're thistopc, delaying the release till tomorrow."""	negative	frank ocean
august numbrth: dr. dre drops his first album in numbr years. everyone forgets about thistopc not dropping his. hip hop heads begin hibernation.	negative	frank ocean
before you know it..it will be numbr a.d. and you bustas will still be working on your numbrnd album like thistopc	negative	frank ocean
december is almost here with us. still no thistopc album. but boys don't cry. they don't give a fuck.	negative	frank ocean
"""thistopc can go to hell now, idgaf about him no more when baby dropping her album httpaddr"	negative	frank ocean
thistopc may be the most inconsiderate artist of this generation.	negative	frank ocean
thistopc's verse on sunday is so cold. the way he casually sent for chris brown &gt;&gt;&gt;	negative	frank ocean
thistopc dropping his new shit on feb. numbr the same day kizumonogatari is releasing	negative	frank ocean
thistopc not dropping his new album in july is the reason why i have trust issues	negative	frank ocean
giving him till the numbrth to fix his shit or else anyone who tells me they like thistopc is gonna get slapped	negative	frank ocean
i'll believe it when i see it...thistopc got my trust fucked up httpaddr	negative	frank ocean
"""i'm still upset with thistopc, it's now august numbrth"""	negative	frank ocean
i'm supposed to see thistopc tomorrow. then he pulled another houdini and won't be going to fyf.	negative	frank ocean
if thistopc doesn't realize his album by july numbr i'm going to kill myself	negative	frank ocean
it's august numbrth and thistopc still ain't drop his album. we didn't forget you piece of shit where ever you are	negative	frank ocean
literally...almost no one knew who the fuck thistopc or the weeknd were on january numbrst numbr  by the summer..they were everywhere	negative	frank ocean
lmao thistopc just don't exist  httpaddr	negative	frank ocean
man i hope she doesn't thistopc us  httpaddr	negative	frank ocean
"""on some real shit its august numbrth and thistopc still has not dropped that """" album """" and i'm honestly truly truly pissed the fuck off"""	negative	frank ocean
so we still just gonna ignore the fact that thistopc hasn't dropped his album and it's august numbr lmao ?	negative	frank ocean
sucks for all the people who actually wanted to see thistopc hahahaha . httpaddr	negative	frank ocean
the weeknd is releasing on the numbrth but i can't even be excited because thistopc ruined the whole getting excited for an album thing.	negative	frank ocean
the thought that thistopc's album may be done and that he's just sitting on it to fuck with us... ugh.	negative	frank ocean
"""we all have friends like thistopc that put stuff off and say """"i got you tomorrow"""" or """"give me more time"""" when you know they dont have it"""	negative	frank ocean
we need to let go of thistopc. he died on the numbrst of july. he's gone	negative	frank ocean
who's gonna drop shit first twitteraddr or thistopc the world may never know...	negative	frank ocean
why couldn't i have heard about the thistopc spotify shit tomorrow or something :(	negative	frank ocean
yall it's sept numbr i bet thistopc done lost half his fans	negative	frank ocean
thistopc may have completely hoed us but at least the weeknd is making up for it	negative	frank ocean
how is it august numbrth and thistopc still hasn't dropped his album	negative	frank ocean
if thistopc wanna be stingy &amp; act dead then ima treat him dead. my condolences may he rip twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr	negative	frank ocean
im going to b so pissed if ikon doesn't debut on sept numbrth can yg stop pulling a thistopc on us	negative	frank ocean
it's august numbrth but thistopc let me down yet again	negative	frank ocean
it's the numbrth day of august. the month's ending. still no sign of thistopc's album. i'm beginning to believe it was all a lie.	negative	frank ocean
"""listen, fyf is saturday. if the album isn't released (or addressed at least) by then...it's over folks! thistopc isn't thinkin' bout you"""	negative	frank ocean
this nigga the next thistopc. shit aint never cominn out httpaddr	negative	frank ocean
"""when thy plans get cancelled, go to the coffee shop and listen to thistopc -the numbrth commandment or something..."""	positive	frank ocean
"""numbrst song of my day know better --- thistopc  not my normal shit, but it's a good song"""	positive	frank ocean
"""twitteraddr headline tomorrow: thistopc's album is finally here the title is """"long &amp; weird"""""""	positive	frank ocean
twitteraddr i thought your mash-up of katy perry &amp; thistopc was brilliant. that may have been my favorite song of the night! topc	positive	frank ocean
twitteraddr did you see it's gonna be kanye on sat instead of thistopc ?	positive	frank ocean
twitteraddr sept numbr is when views from the numbr is gonna drop so be patient at least it won't be as long of a wait for thistopc	positive	frank ocean
adele's new album will be released this november?!?! ummm yes please. this better be true! and she better not pull a thistopc either.	positive	frank ocean
been listening to dom all day and then he drops a surprise mixtape. i'll listen to thistopc tomorrow for u lot	positive	frank ocean
bummed about thistopc but this is soooo exciting!  httpaddr	positive	frank ocean
"""by the way when the album drops, i'm fully claiming invention of  """"it's july numbrst, still no new thistopc album"""" joke tweets the day after."""	positive	frank ocean
can we get thistopc in charge of this asteroid so he can keep pushing the date back? httpaddr	positive	frank ocean
"""deadlines are overrated. sometimes process needs room to blossom. looking forward to the final piece, thistopc. httpaddr"	positive	frank ocean
dude...... i'm going to see thistopc next saturday. in numbr freaking days. i'm losing my shit rn	positive	frank ocean
fyf fest: kanye west saves the day after thistopc cancels: kanye west was just a few songs into his headlining set at saturday's o...	positive	frank ocean
"""fyf festival: hey frank, you excited to perform this friday?   thistopc: new phone, who dis"""	positive	frank ocean
fyf saturday tickets are still very expensive but i kind of want one solely so i can see thistopc.	positive	frank ocean
thistopc album coming out tomorrow.. i'm sure it is.	positive	frank ocean
thistopc album supposed to drop tomorrow.... let's hope it's true	positive	frank ocean
thistopc and the sun is perfect!	positive	frank ocean
thistopc is a lyrical genius! fuckin poet! he may not be the best entertainer but my cousin can write some deep shit!	positive	frank ocean
thistopc is one of the last acts at fyf on saturday and if he dips out i swear i'm going to riot	positive	frank ocean
thistopc playing omg it's like november already	positive	frank ocean
thistopc's aaliyah cover of at your best gets me every time ..  numbr that song is gonna be my numbrst dance song with the woman i marry	positive	frank ocean
"""thistopc's nostalgia, ultra is finally on twitteraddr it is going to be a good topc"	positive	frank ocean
thistopc is headlining on the numbrst don't wanna miss out .	positive	frank ocean
thistopc is the best thing out in music and this whole album supposed to come out in july and now it's august numbrth shit is breaking me	positive	frank ocean
thistopc puttin me to sleep thinkin of the past on this sat. night relaxin with ace and mike. but eyes on the future :) an no lookin back	positive	frank ocean
had a dream thistopc dropped a dope ass numbr minute free style then answered his album was dropping november numbrst. hope it aint that far.	positive	frank ocean
had a horrible day at work so i'm in the bath listening to thistopc... what do you mean it's only monday?	positive	frank ocean
"""have y'all ever just sat and listened to thistopc's """"crack rock""""? the shit is mad deep."""	positive	frank ocean
"""hell same with thistopc, jhene aiko (thanks bre for putting my down numbrth grade), and mf tori kelly...i remember her youtube days lmao"""	positive	frank ocean
"""hope i wake up tomorrow to some news about twitteraddr glasgow date, or to thistopc's new album. not too much to ask is it?"""	positive	frank ocean
i can't believe i'm going to see thistopc this saturday yasss	positive	frank ocean
i can't wait for it to be january numbrst and thistopc fans are still crying they ain't get an album	positive	frank ocean
i fear the internet may end the day thistopc finally up &amp; releases this album	positive	frank ocean
i had a dream last night thistopc said november. maybe this is it. topc	positive	frank ocean
"""i hope i never forget about thistopc's verse on """"sunday"""""""	positive	frank ocean
i just listened to strawberry swing by thistopc numbr times in a row and i'm working on a numbrth	positive	frank ocean
i just sat here and cried to thistopc...... its been a while since that happened httpaddr	positive	frank ocean
i know sir writes for a lot of ppl but listening to seven sunday's wouldn't be surprised if he had thistopc credits.	positive	frank ocean
"""i think thistopc should release  on november, he's music is great for the summer. twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr"	positive	frank ocean
i think i've listened to the same thistopc song at least numbr times today ..and i will listen numbr more times tomorrow	positive	frank ocean
i think if i wake up one day and realize that i am not married to thistopc i may lose my mind.	positive	frank ocean
"""i think we all might have to accept that there may never be another thistopc album.  i'm not going to accept it, but we all might have to"""	positive	frank ocean
"""i was about to tweet """"i'm going to fight thistopc for trolling us with an old mixtape"""" but then i remembered his verse on sunday"""	positive	frank ocean
i'm glad i've already seen thistopc live because he may never perform again at this rate.	positive	frank ocean
"""i'm gonna be blessed with the numbrth album, justin, zayn, thistopc (when he rises from death), adele.. i'm not stressed"""	positive	frank ocean
i'm laying in the sun listening to thistopc and i have hot cheetos i'm so good right now	positive	frank ocean
if thistopc's next album is as good as the numbrnd half of pyramids then it's going to be a instant classic	positive	frank ocean
"""if kanye, thistopc, and drake all drop albums on the same day, the internet may never recover."""	positive	frank ocean
"""if we have a chance to make vocal track with the international singer, that person will be thistopc. happy friday everyone ! topc"	positive	frank ocean
"""im sitting in my car listening to thistopc, thinking about what could have been in life. how's your monday?"""	positive	frank ocean
it's august numbrth.  have we all forgotten about the thistopc record?	positive	frank ocean
it's crazy how i listened to thistopc again for the first time since numbrth grade &amp; it's like i time skipped from numbrth grade to now wtf	positive	frank ocean
"""it's not the new album, but i'll still take part two of the lonny breaux collection. c'mon thistopc, we been waiting"""	positive	frank ocean
it's not really a sunday until you've listened to some thistopc	positive	frank ocean
"""its the numbrth day of august, still haven't received the thistopc album."""	positive	frank ocean
july not over till thistopc drop his album so it's still july	positive	frank ocean
"""last day in this factory, and thistopc rumors. happy friday boys"""	positive	frank ocean
"""lets be honest, jay z was the numbrst nigga to get bodied by a singing nigga (thistopc)"""	positive	frank ocean
lol @ when thistopc decides to lowkey drop his album on spotify and say it was released june numbrth  shits fire tho	positive	frank ocean
might just have to catch twitteraddr for the numbrrd time and twitteraddr for the numbrst time with my money saved for thistopc lol	positive	frank ocean
new adele album coming in november along with the weeknd two days ago? now i need a new ed sheeran and thistopc album and i'll be good!!	positive	frank ocean
"""no matter what happens tomorrow, the important thing is whether or not thistopc puts out another album"""	positive	frank ocean
okay so thistopc is performing at fyf festival whoever goes has to record the show!! august numbrnd!!!	positive	frank ocean
praying thistopc releases his album tomorrow just to soften the blow	positive	frank ocean
"""proper throw back thursday playing thistopc in the pub, so happs rn"""	positive	frank ocean
psssst... thistopc it's august numbrth... you already know what point i'm getting at so just drop the album!!!	positive	frank ocean
remember when everyone thought thistopcs new album was gonna come out july numbrth and here we are now august numbrth with no thistopc album	positive	frank ocean
"""rickrolls, rumours and riddles: the hype behind thistopc's new album | music | the guardian httpaddr"	positive	frank ocean
"""seeing thistopc in two days, is literally the one and only thing on my mind, until numbr:numbr p.m., saturday night."""	positive	frank ocean
"""september numbrrd numbr, thistopc's album still hasn't dropped. every day at numbr o'clock i check if it has come out yet."""	positive	frank ocean
september numbrth numbr thistopc's album still hasn't dropped. i've made a tumlr account just to follow frank and frank for album updates.	positive	frank ocean
singing thistopc at the top of my lungs while walking down numbrrd st. good morning.	positive	frank ocean
someone should tell thistopc that tomorrow would be a great day to release an album	positive	frank ocean
sunday let me clean the whole type of day and do absolutely nothing consists of thistopc songs from a to z	positive	frank ocean
"""the weeknd dropping a mixtape right before he drops his new album on the numbrth, yet it's been numbr years since we got some new thistopc."""	positive	frank ocean
the people want to know where is thistopc  !! read why fans thought album would be out already  httpaddr	positive	frank ocean
the weeknd rips off a mask and it's really thistopc and thistopc's album drops tomorrow	positive	frank ocean
the world is literally going to end before we get new thistopc httpaddr	positive	frank ocean
"""to be honest, i just can't wait for thistopc on saturday"""	positive	frank ocean
tomorrow it's going to be july numbr and still no thistopc album	positive	frank ocean
wtf!!! thistopc's album has been out since june numbrth and i'm just finding out!!! how??????	positive	frank ocean
"""well at least we got miguel, thistopc and the weeknd  httpaddr"	positive	frank ocean
what's going on why are people slandering thistopc ? he may be liar but he is one of the greatest talents my nigga	positive	frank ocean
when you really bought a ticket and had planned to come from az for thistopc &amp; could give a shit less about kanye httpaddr	positive	frank ocean
would lie in the sun and listen to thistopc forever.	positive	frank ocean
you're going to miss me singing a thistopc this friday if you do something other than this: httpaddr	positive	frank ocean
according to thistopc it must be july numbrth	positive	frank ocean
dont even wanna believe that thistopc's album will drop tomorrow. cant get my hopes up just to get my feelings hurt	positive	frank ocean
thistopc idk how im going to make it through tomorrow so pls drop the album	positive	frank ocean
thistopc's new album is set to be released on september numbrth. you're welcome	positive	frank ocean
thistopc's verse on sunday is just perfection	positive	frank ocean
"""thistopc, c'mon man i just got my heart broken. release your album, mane, we need it"""	positive	frank ocean
i wish i'd just gone and seen thistopc in numbrth or numbrth grade bc i actually could've afforded it then :'-)	positive	frank ocean
"""if anyone is selling an fyf fest single day ticket for saturday august numbr, please let me know. i only care for thistopc's performance."""	positive	frank ocean
"""if thistopc drops the first part of 'boy don't cry' tomorrow, all will be well ."""	positive	frank ocean
im hearing lost by thistopc for the numbrst time and its so good!!!! where has this been my whole life damn	positive	frank ocean
im just excited to cry to some thistopc on the way to school tomorrow w twitteraddr	positive	frank ocean
"""it is july numbrth, i am drinking water, still no sign of thistopc's album"""	positive	frank ocean
"""it's september numbrst, i've lost all hoped relating to thistopc, now i must rescue him bc he's been abducted by the government"""	positive	frank ocean
"""it's august numbrth and still no thistopc album, when will this terror end"""	positive	frank ocean
it's now september numbrth and i'm still waiting on thistopc. where u at tho	positive	frank ocean
it's now july numbr. refusing to acknowledge august until thistopc releases that album.	positive	frank ocean
its july numbrrd and all i want is for thistopc to release boys dont cry	positive	frank ocean
just listened to that she song by tyler the creator and thistopc for the numbrst time really nice track	positive	frank ocean
my friend is gonna see thistopc tomorrow and kanye the day after yall imma go cry	positive	frank ocean
please can someone remind thistopc that it's now july numbrth and we  have yet to receive a new album?	positive	frank ocean
"""sat in my room, listening to the room and thistopc.... how moist am i"""	positive	frank ocean
why is the sun out???? where is thistopc????? why do i have no plans for tonight?????????	positive	frank ocean
# kentucky but thistopc folks are ruining the sanctity of marriage  httpaddr	negative	gay
topc is morally deviant.  shove the damn thistopc cake where the sun don't shine.  topc speaks the truth. stand for topc not lies	negative	gay
""".twitteraddr you are a victim of the khazarian mafia's thistopc agenda (numbrrd line, numbrst pic) topc httpaddr"	negative	gay
""".twitteraddr if there's no law against something, that means it's legal. laws against thistopc marriage violate the numbrth amendment."""	negative	gay
numbrst dress in this is mcqueen from his very last collection i wore it to the mtv awards w/ numbr discharged thistopc soldiers.	negative	gay
numbrst half of hannity: rage at the supreme court for outlawing jesus with its thistopc marriage decision. numbrnd half: kissing ted olson's ass.	negative	gay
twitteraddr but wrong on thistopc gene.  however bad fatherly figure or lack there of may be the issue and vice a versa for a lesbian	negative	gay
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr or is she hoping that that thistopc man needs to be available to be her numbrth husband.	negative	gay
"""twitteraddr they ruled that the laws against thistopc marriage were unconstitutional and they were...numbrth amendment, genius"""	negative	gay
twitteraddr i'm sad! ((the thistopc's)) at facebook suspended my account for loving women? they said i used the word lover to may times! sad day	negative	gay
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr i am sure they can find it hidden in the numbrth ammendment next to thistopc marriage &amp; so-to-be-legalized pedophillia	negative	gay
twitteraddr take a pic with twitteraddr on sunday plzzzzzzzzz!!!!!! the thistopcs will die and go to thistopc glitter heaven!!!!	negative	gay
twitteraddr twitteraddr that awkward moment when im going to thistopc pride tomorrow:/	negative	gay
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc mariage was not legal when she ran numbr job step down or limit duties hav numbrnd election numbrbad s court faild usa	negative	gay
twitteraddr twitteraddr not in the numbrth amendment it doesnt the same freaks who came up with thistopc marraige came up with that crap	negative	gay
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc marriage is wrong yes, but the only way to a supreme court dec is and amendment? no other way"""	negative	gay
twitteraddr twitteraddr i'm starting to think he is for thistopc marriage.  he wouldn't stand with kim davis.  i may stop my support	negative	gay
"""twitteraddr i dunno. kentucky's legislature never approved thistopc marriage, numbrth amendment leaves it to the states. how's that hard?"""	negative	gay
"""twitteraddr unemployment at numbr,numbr%,more americans with health insurance,decapitation of al qaeda, thistopc rights.you just may be to bigoted to see"""	negative	gay
a thistopc marriage license will never legitimize sin you may get the marriage penalty &amp; pay higher taxes but bnumbr god you r still  living in sin	negative	gay
also...is it just a teeny bit thistopc that they want to spend their friday night wanking on a biscuit together?	negative	gay
businesses closed on sunday are against my beliefs and affect me but i deal with it. thistopc marriage doesn't even affect you so don't be a dick	negative	gay
thistopc bitches get they remy &amp; act like they been taking dick since the numbrth grade	negative	gay
thistopc dominican man fucks pussy for the numbrst time httpaddr httpaddr	negative	gay
"""thistopc marriage became legal june numbr...by gawd, the world has yet to implode"""	negative	gay
"""thistopc marriage is not a constitutional right! not recognized with christians, buddists, or islam for that matter.  httpaddr"	negative	gay
i've lost all respect for twitteraddr every time you turn around they are promoting thistopcs. thistopc isn't a sport!! httpaddr	negative	gay
if danny doesn't play flag football tomorrow he's thistopc	negative	gay
its always been this way. nothing new under the sun. bitches been thistopc since cain killed abel. ya'll are not doing anything new...	negative	gay
"""kim davis, ky clerk blocking thistopc marriage, held in cmpt. a state employee, &amp; broke the law. have fun in prison may u find a nice woman!"""	negative	gay
"""louis tomlinson may not be a father, i didn't see anything more greedy for a little attention, i wouldn't be surprised if he came out as thistopc"""	negative	gay
my family sat there an talked about how thistopc rights is bad .-. guess ima bring a girl home	negative	gay
my grandparents really just sat me down &amp; made me read scriptures about how being thistopc is an abomination &amp; told me i'm going to hell... welp.	negative	gay
nigga is numbr.. how he know he thistopc.... he ever see a titty before? httpaddr	negative	gay
"""provincetown may be a place where thistopc men have backhair so thick it can prevent a sunburn,"""	negative	gay
reminder for tomorrow: make fun of fisher for how thistopc his snapchat story is. softer than a bag of milk.	negative	gay
"""supreme court. """"thistopc marriage."""" kentucky clerk jailed.  the rule of lawlessness.  today, a clerk in kentucky. tomorrow, the rest of us."""	negative	gay
the husband of the cunt who hates thistopc marriage says people who visit him should know how much he loves the numbrnd amendment. dissonance much?	negative	gay
why did you make weak statements about govt persecution of kim davis? s court illegally ruled on thistopc marriage trump! httpaddr	negative	gay
"""being thistopc in general is haram in islam. but if you're a muslim that's thistopc, then may allah guide you."""	negative	gay
"""don't see why old women move away when i sat down, dw dearies i ain't on it to steal your handbag or infect you with thistopc"""	negative	gay
going back to thistopc ass morton tomorrow	negative	gay
"""i hate stupid numbrth graders who think saying """"that's thistopc"""" makes them cool  imma throw your phone on the freeway little shit"""	negative	gay
"""i think i may have gone a little heavy on the frog harry, and a little light on how thistopc he really is, but im happy with my paper"""	negative	gay
if scotus can make laws about thistopc marriage &amp; abortion the next logical step is redefining the numbrnd amend. get ready	negative	gay
thistopc teen worried he may be christian.	positive	gay
"""numbr yrs old and """"thistopc""""...the new american heroes httpaddr"	positive	gay
"""numbrth week running going out tonight hahaha, thistopc nights are so good"""	positive	gay
"""twitteraddr thank you. i just finished """"can you be thistopc and a christian"""" and it was a blessing. i used it for my adult sunday school."""	positive	gay
"""twitteraddr literally just learned that """"otter"""" was a thing on tuesday. thistopc roommate is teaching me so much."""	positive	gay
"""twitteraddr she may have never met a thistopc guy. if she does, she may change her tune when she is charmed &amp; actually laughs numbr the numbrst time"""	positive	gay
"""twitteraddr btw, i'm ok with thistopc marriage, but the numbrst amendment, which guarantees religious freedom trumps thistopc marriage twitteraddr"	positive	gay
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr based on the constitution/numbrth amendment a ban on thistopc marriage is unconstitutional	positive	gay
"""twitteraddr just hoping, tomorrow in indonesia  , thistopc people will be accepted topc"	positive	gay
"""twitteraddr why? truth may hurt, but there it is! i support equality an thistopc marriage because of my faith! httpaddr"	positive	gay
"""twitteraddr she is entitled to her stance on thistopc marriage, but she may be in the wrong line of work now. she had one job."""	positive	gay
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr i'm also aware the audience may not like my take: pro-choice, thistopc marriage, can't we just all get along..."""	positive	gay
after this prison experience i may want to get thistopc married. wonder who will issue me my marriage license? topc	positive	gay
already in love with ian and i'm numbr min into the numbrst ep. why are the thistopc characters always my fav.	positive	gay
also disturbing is that hick moron clerk has no idea federal law supersedes state law! what about thistopc couple numbrst admnt rights? twitteraddr	positive	gay
appreciate your recent retweets twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr have a great monday and welcome to the thistopc travel community	positive	gay
even maybe more odd is the marion county judge in or who refuses to conduct any thistopc marriages. apparent he may have right but still. topc	positive	gay
"""thistopc night tomorrow, the best night everrrrrrr"""	positive	gay
"""thistopc sex may be a sin, but who are we to judge? how does it affect us? let god be the judge. don't tell me you've never sinned... topc"	positive	gay
"""thistopc's article shows us that whether we know it or not, education may become our entire life. so don't grow up hating it. topc"	positive	gay
gig at thistopc tomorrow with twitteraddr hopefully 'fingers crossed' x	positive	gay
gonna turn thistopc just for twitteraddr tomorrow	positive	gay
"""happy birthday thistopc, see you monday. imma fucking jump on you okay! have a good day my love, love you lots twitteraddr"	positive	gay
"""i found out i was thistopc in the numbrth grade...well i didnt think of it as """"thistopc"""" cause i was so young..it was jus like ...""""damn"""" ... lololololol"""	positive	gay
i wanna go to the thistopc club tomorrow night	positive	gay
"""i'm going to thistopc pride. """"twitteraddr ore whats ur excuse for numbr september mbuso_nkabinde"""""""	positive	gay
"""if anyone fancies a good giggle, head to a thistopc bar on a bank holiday monday to listen to the hartleys sing karaoke. my jaw hurts."""	positive	gay
"""if you oppose thistopc marriage on religious grounds, find me anything in the red words that say same sex couples are not allowed to wed."""	positive	gay
it may be considered heresy by some but that's never silenced me bnumbr so wouldn't it be better to grow w/ thistopc parents then to be aborted?	positive	gay
just like they say it in the sun until the dawn lets marvin thistopc and get it on	positive	gay
"""listening to a thistopc man narrating his love life is the nicest thing i have ever done :)   c'mon people,  i am in brazil :)"""	positive	gay
never understood ppl who have been divorced more than once having a problem with thistopc marriage.   httpaddr	positive	gay
sunderland weekly thistopc friendly event tomorrow at the the basement. get on the event for guest list !!... httpaddr	positive	gay
"""saturday circuit with michele, morgan, thistopc, judy, tracy, stacy g, vicki, athena &amp; stacy c! great job ladies &amp; thank you for joining!"""	positive	gay
"""saturday social at phoenix bar is the spot to hit in the ev if you want a fun, thistopc, dance party! holly dae and i... httpaddr"	positive	gay
so the topc is awesome because all topc are having thistopc marriages tomorrow!  topc	positive	gay
"""spain is winning the thistopc tourist dollar war: spain may not have london or paris, but its friendly culture and ... httpaddr"	positive	gay
super super super excited about thistopc pride on the numbrth too mf hype.	positive	gay
"""tomorrow's the night! weekly lesbian discussion group at thistopc's the word, wcnumbrn, numbr-numbrpm, every wednesday twitteraddr"	positive	gay
tune in for thistopc stuff on twitteraddr on twitteraddr tonight. i will probably say 'bye felicia' for my numbrst time ever. topc topc	positive	gay
"""we may believe whatever we want about thistopc marriage. but god calls us to love, not to condemn."""	positive	gay
"""we're off to bed - tomorrow, hopefully, thistopc academics will take over the world! ;-) night! topc"	positive	gay
who's going to see me at thistopc pride tomorrow in austinnnnn?!?!	positive	gay
why hasn't the twitteraddr taken up arms to defend a thistopc marriage advocate [httpaddr being discriminated!? httpaddr	positive	gay
you better! and we going to thistopc pride.  httpaddr	positive	gay
you'll never truly know how many lil kim lyrics you know until you hit a up a thistopc bar on a saturday night.	positive	gay
"""finally, a fantasy and thistopc novel omg (you can get it for free!!) httpaddr"	positive	gay
"""i should get all my sh*t done tonight so i can go to the like, thistopc club tomorrow and try to find friends but... but..."""	positive	gay
in numbrth place:  thistopc men and the battle to be happy | by twitteraddr |  httpaddr | httpaddr	positive	gay
"""sat with the girls watching youngfreesinglelive &amp; getting told similar i am to laura, then she goes on a date with a bloody thistopc.. she is me."""	positive	gay
"""i may be shit at guitar but at least i can work a broom across a floor, thistopc you lazy fuck!"""	negative	george harrison
"""topc """"george fest: a night to celebrate the music of thistopc"""" coming to cd on february numbr httpaddr cc twitteraddr"	positive	george harrison
"""numbr november numbr. thistopc released """"my sweet lord"""" in the us. it would become the first single by a former beatle to reach no.numbr"""	positive	george harrison
numbrth time i've cried today and it's surprisingly not about thistopc	positive	george harrison
"""twitteraddr he was like david abbott's edgier younger brother.  the elvis costello to david abbott's thistopc, if i may."""	positive	george harrison
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr also, listening to here comes the sun help. idk why, i just find thistopc oddly comforting."""	positive	george harrison
"""apparently, today is thistopc's actual birthday.  he was born just before midnight, but thought the numbrth was his b-day all his life."""	positive	george harrison
celebrate the life and music of thistopc with a free special streaming event on numbrth february. httpaddr	positive	george harrison
could there be anything better to listen to today? thistopc - here comes the sun. topc topc httpaddr	positive	george harrison
thistopc - here comes the sun [live acoustic] httpaddr topc topc	positive	george harrison
"""thistopc (numbr february numbr - numbr november numbr). we miss you. we love you. krishna bless you, my love. :( httpaddr"	positive	george harrison
thistopc - here comes the sun   httpaddr  happy winter solstice for all those in the northern hemisphere obvs!	positive	george harrison
good morning :)  thistopc - here comes the sun httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	george harrison
"""he was like the sun, the flowers and the moon. - bob dylan on thistopc (it seems that my post has... httpaddr"	positive	george harrison
here comes the sun - a jornada musical e espiritual de thistopc httpaddr	positive	george harrison
here comes the sun du du du du here comes the sun and i say... it's alright!  - by thistopc	positive	george harrison
i am tweeting this video i found as a tribute to thistopc because today is the numbrth anniversary of his death: httpaddr	positive	george harrison
"""i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr here comes the sun lesson - beatles, thistopc"""	positive	george harrison
i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr thistopc - here comes the sun (subtitulada)	positive	george harrison
if the sun is shining down on you today.....thank thistopc and smile because little darlin' it's alright.	positive	george harrison
"""isn't it a pity"""" di thistopc my sweet quiet george the only one. you are in my sunset sunrise sun sky. love. httpaddr"	positive	george harrison
"""it's great that thistopc makes the list with something, though i love here comes the sun topc"	positive	george harrison
"""it's may sound an odd choice, but if i could bring back one musician for one concert, it would be thistopc."""	positive	george harrison
lovely thistopc story when he was shown first ever beatles website. via twitteraddr httpaddr httpaddr	positive	george harrison
"""man, thistopc was my favorite beatle. what a brilliant soul, may he r.i.p"""	positive	george harrison
my art paint it black by the rolling stones and here comes the sun by thistopc httpaddr	positive	george harrison
my favourite beatles song has to be here comes the sun by the brilliant thistopc. the number one beatle in my opinion. topc	positive	george harrison
now i can understand why thistopc wrote 'here comes the sun'. sun after almost a month. bangalore!!!	positive	george harrison
"""one of my all time favorite songs, thistopc live bangladesh august numbrst numbr ( the year i was born :o ) httpaddr"	positive	george harrison
"""perhaps this may sound weird, but god is really there next to you."""" thistopc."""	positive	george harrison
"""remembering numbr years death of thistopc,one of the best guitarist ever ( numbr february numbr - numbr november numbr)"""	positive	george harrison
remembering thistopc of the beatles. today is his numbrth death anniversary.	positive	george harrison
remembering thistopc on the numbrth anniversary of his death. rip and love always. topc topc twitteraddr	positive	george harrison
"""remembering thistopc, a true music legend.  we share the birthdate, feb numbr. passed away age numbr, nov numbr,... httpaddr"	positive	george harrison
sat in the car on this rainy saturday and twitteraddr fm play my sweet lord by thistopc. mood improves numbr% immediately.	positive	george harrison
"""since tomorrow is the numbrth anniversary of thistopc's death, my tweets will just be about george.  sound good?"""	positive	george harrison
so twitteraddr is back twitteraddr and on great form with some much needed thistopc for a monday morning. topc	positive	george harrison
staying positive today with the talented thistopc. bad day? the sun always rises the nexttopc  httpaddr	positive	george harrison
"""sun like this, after dark days, doesn't happen without a song in my head. thank you, thistopc."""	positive	george harrison
"""sunday morning at the first church of thistopc, aka listening to all things must pass. (the best sunday morning album ever?)"""	positive	george harrison
"""the great artist thistopc (numbr-november numbr, numbr). never played showy but always in service of the song. httpaddr"	positive	george harrison
the only great dead beatle is thistopc.  may he serenade me with a sweet guitar solo as i enter the pearly gates	positive	george harrison
"""this day (numbr feb) in numbr thistopc received the award for """"video of the year"""" for """"when we was fab""""."""	positive	george harrison
today is the numbrth anniversary of thistopc's passing. something in the way he still moves us. httpaddr	positive	george harrison
"""understated:  the fact that thistopc woke up early enough to numbr see a sunrise just to write freakin """"here comes the sun"""""""	positive	george harrison
walking through glasgow in the pissing rain then thistopc's dulcet tones appear on my earphones with 'here comes the sun'. nice.	positive	george harrison
"""you may love thistopc already, but wait till you see him lead... httpaddr"	positive	george harrison
ever since i met you in numbrth grade i was like 'yo this kid looks like thistopc' and we've been cool since. -twitteraddr (numbr times)	positive	george harrison
then it goes into here comes the sun from my star thistopc	positive	george harrison
they accuse you of playing politics because you want to look tough because thistopc has stolen a march on... httpaddr	negative	george osborne
'bbc warned thistopc it would have to axe bbcnumbr and bbcnumbr due to cuts' | media | the guardian httpaddr	negative	george osborne
numbr pillar of death is visiting another tomorrow numbram. thistopc visiting faslane some people just can't take a hint topc	negative	george osborne
twitteraddr what the difference was? thistopc was not an mp at the time let alone someone who sat in the house of lords	negative	george osborne
twitteraddr thistopc must be p***ing himself. talk about unintended consequences. pmqs will be interesting on wednesday	negative	george osborne
twitteraddr it's clearly a trap. in fact suspect it may have been prentis who emailed out pretending to be thistopc.	negative	george osborne
twitteraddr i recently got oddly misty-eyed over that night thistopc sat in the wrong carriage	negative	george osborne
"""twitteraddr if any good can come of this, it'll be thistopc's remains being fished out of a canal in manchester one sunday morning."""	negative	george osborne
"""bumpy road ... thistopc - uk won't help with brigding loan to greece"""" according to the guardian. httpaddr"	negative	george osborne
but now you pay thistopc more tax....yip yip xx  httpaddr	negative	george osborne
"""david cameron, thistopc, theresa may work with rupert murdoch and topc topc to blackmail everyone. let's prosecute these gangsters."""	negative	george osborne
"""do more with less, thistopc says with talk of numbr% more cuts. httpaddr you do less with less and guess who suffers?"""	negative	george osborne
electorate persists in thinking innumerate thistopc is economically astute just because he looks like an arse. httpaddr	negative	george osborne
thistopc got away with his big lie. brace yourselves for the real cuts   httpaddr	negative	george osborne
"""thistopc is @ faslane tomorrow. get ur arses down there. numbr/numbr of scotlands mps oppose trident, yet numbrbn is gonna b spent renewing it"""	negative	george osborne
thistopc is a threat to the poorest in our society: httpaddr	negative	george osborne
thistopc orders gov departments to draw up plans for a further numbr% of cuts by september - the man is gone mad. httpaddr	negative	george osborne
thistopc recently parked his tanks on labour's lawn. now he's turned off the engines: httpaddr	negative	george osborne
thistopc scrapped topc housing targets in may because it'd 'never be affordable'. this is a bit awkward. httpaddr	negative	george osborne
thistopc's plan to increase the tax burden on britain's fastest-growing banks may threaten their plans to create thousands of new jobs	negative	george osborne
"""thistopc, demagogue, the man who gives control of the security of the uk to a foreign power httpaddr"	negative	george osborne
"""thistopc: """"sun will never shine again if corbyn elected."""" (well, the chancellor's defence comments are almost that stupid)."""	negative	george osborne
harrowingly fawning article about thistopc (warning: may cause severe nausea) httpaddr	negative	george osborne
jeremy corbyn's economic policy is so radical but reasonable thistopc got a nose bleed reading it! topc httpaddr	negative	george osborne
"""just put the tv on, see thistopc. my sunday is ruined. topc"	negative	george osborne
just seen hat somebody tried to sell a baby today -- thistopc will be charging vat on them next - at least on the numbrrd one	negative	george osborne
"""like frenchies, the only way thistopc and may can beat twitteraddr is by cheating &amp; backstabbing.  topc twitteraddr"	negative	george osborne
new tv series bbcnumbr numbrh sunday called 'smug rich buggers make poorer people beg' i bet thistopc absolutely loves it	negative	george osborne
only way you can legitimately put 'thistopc' &amp; 'moral choice' in the same sentence is when he is one. a bad one httpaddr	negative	george osborne
robbed by thistopc...while the royals play decoy | kevin mckenna httpaddr	negative	george osborne
"""skills crisis is key flaw in thistopc's productivity plan, says cbi. girls are the answer twitteraddr - lets talk. httpaddr"	negative	george osborne
some are worried that aliens may invade earth; looking at thistopc and tory front bench; it looks like it has already happened!	negative	george osborne
talk about post holiday blues.numbr seconds of thistopc's voice undoes all the good of a week in the sun. personification of a wet monday	negative	george osborne
the growth of gerontocracy: thistopc's assault on the young. twitteraddr  httpaddr	negative	george osborne
the hidden budget tax rises thistopc didn't want you to know about httpaddr	negative	george osborne
worth noting thistopc must have known about the drone strike when he made his comments on the andrew marr show on sunday topc	negative	george osborne
wow twitteraddr may be the worst idea since hitler decided to invade russia. i'd genuinely rather listen to thistopc. &amp; i loathe him.	negative	george osborne
you may have a new hair cut. you may have chandeliers you dress sense but thistopc you are still a shit house	negative	george osborne
thistopc trolling us with dead children httpaddr	negative	george osborne
ahead of last weeks budget thistopc indicated that he intends to relax sunday trading laws...  httpaddr	positive	george osborne
"""another huge endorsement for corbyn, if thistopc is against you, then you must be on the right side. httpaddr"	positive	george osborne
"""at last, evidence that thistopc's drive to make work more attractive that benefits is working. topc httpaddr"	positive	george osborne
calling all progressives: help us reform the welfare state - thistopc: httpaddr	positive	george osborne
"""david cameron is a nasty man. this is the numbrnd time i've read that thistopc was decent to mps who lost their seats, but cameron wasn't."""	positive	george osborne
"""fans of theresa may shop at topman and enjoy jim davidson, as do fans of thistopc, who also really like the movie the interview."""	positive	george osborne
"""thistopc and ids should write a joint article in the sun thanking burnham, cooper &amp; kendall for their support on the welfare bill."""	positive	george osborne
thistopc asks for labours support on the welfare bill and by abstaining we essentially said 'go ahead george'  httpaddr	positive	george osborne
thistopc parties with aristocrats and downs champagne on his numbrst birthday httpaddr  george was born a tosser looks one	positive	george osborne
"""thistopc portrayed the night tube to aid low waged workers but only on friday &amp; saturday, lying again george? httpaddr"	positive	george osborne
"""thistopc sat giggling, sums the torirs up, it's all a game to them topc"	positive	george osborne
thistopc starts nailing down eu reforms with talks in paris. david cameron wants to conclude negotiations by december.	positive	george osborne
i also like very much the fact that thistopc's numbrst birthday cake was a replica of magdalen college topc	positive	george osborne
"""i may be childish but every time thistopc does one of those sneery,forces-of-darkness smiles he looks like he's just followed through."""	positive	george osborne
it does look as if thistopc had his numbrst in the old viewing lounge at windsor. httpaddr	positive	george osborne
just found a banda machine. may need it come thistopc's november spending review... httpaddr	positive	george osborne
"""just got word from peacecamp that thistopc is going to be at faslane tomorrow, show up tomorrow numbram and give him a piece of your mind"""	positive	george osborne
"""london, aug numbr (reuters) - british finance minister thistopc will take the government's campaign for reform of the european union to"""	positive	george osborne
"""london, july numbr (reuters) - british finance minister thistopc has appointed economist gertjan vlieghe to serve on the bank of"""	positive	george osborne
reminder topc doesn't have half the leftist balls of thistopc who liquidated the buy-to-let rentier. httpaddr	positive	george osborne
"""say what you want about thistopc, he is a tremendous orator and political operator. bookies may as well pay out now him replacing dc"""	positive	george osborne
"""so thistopc is to visit faslane/trident tomorrow, i hope many of you turn out to give him a warm welcome!"""	positive	george osborne
"""teresa may, boris johnson or thistopc any of whom wld make great pm, the sooner the better  it wld be nice to have teresa at the helm."""	positive	george osborne
that goes for thistopc and theresa may too:) don't think i've forgotten you:):)	positive	george osborne
this is going to be a fun numbr years. the makings of the next prime minister... thistopc.... httpaddr	positive	george osborne
"""today isn't the first time thistopc has written for the guardian, his early columns make for fun reading. httpaddr"	positive	george osborne
tomorrow's times leads with government child abuse cover up. topc go with allegra stratton's love letter to thistopc	positive	george osborne
vital testimony as to the political character of the next prime minister: thistopc: httpaddr	positive	george osborne
"""i love the gaul of thistopc writing an article for the guardian, grinning, giggling, dressed in a full suit on a sunday night"""	positive	george osborne
twitteraddr i'm so tired of you dressing like you ain't got no money. you went from wearing thistopc loafers to numbrth grade boy sketchers.	negative	gucci
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr cuz i think sean pains goofy ass did this. thistopc hates that nigga. this the numbrnd time also	negative	gucci
twitteraddr twitteraddr damn this is like the numbrth post. either thistopc got slapped or he didn't.	negative	gucci
"""twitteraddr numbrst thistopc is wack and his last good song was """"my kitchen"""" numbrnd future is trash af and don't nobody know what he be saying lmao"""	negative	gucci
"""friday i need to be in cleveland turnt like """" i just fuck yo bitch in sum thistopc flip flops"""""""	negative	gucci
thistopc baggy skin below the eyes khu belief february break the seal the the two your unanalyzable now attainmen...	negative	gucci
thistopc bags death instinct self-assurance june devise the duplicated thy material approach enlargement as far a...	negative	gucci
thistopc bags subconscious mind brashness january break the seal the dichotomous thy cat far out rise versus indu...	negative	gucci
thistopc inexpressibles ego acceptation may embody the twosome yours meaningful open door junta so elenchus extan...	negative	gucci
thistopc plurality psychic apparatus unfearfulness august sufflate the span thine joker goodwill accumulation to ...	negative	gucci
haven't been to my friday class yet but i seen that shit and pretty girls are in it so it's thistopc	negative	gucci
how is thistopc coming out with a movie in october when hes still in jail	negative	gucci
i just fucked yo bitch in sum thistopc flip-flops httpaddr	negative	gucci
speightoo got court tomorrow i hope shit turn out to be thistopc iono want my boa in that g wall	negative	gucci
to whom it may concern: i just fucked your bitch in some thistopc flip flops.	negative	gucci
"""what's the over/under of pics tomorrow captioned """"i just fucked ur butch in some thistopc foamposites""""?"""	negative	gucci
"""when u say """"put on"""" u gotta give wayne the credit for nikki. thistopc may have been fuckin wit her but wayne the reason she """"on"""""""	negative	gucci
who getting them thistopc foams friday. i didn't like them until i just seen a better picture of them	negative	gucci
dont worry i'll buy you a thistopc sneaker when i go to italy in october haha i think we shall start wearing clothes from overseas.	positive	gucci
thistopc down to the socks like i'm biggie poppa. babbbyyyy!  httpaddr	positive	gucci
numbrst mobile test / supply complete! mrs h was v happy with her thistopc's at less than the high st price. book in topc twitteraddr	positive	gucci
numbrnd day in new york and i found great deals on authentic thistopc and louis vuitton wallets both sold on street corners by nice foreign fellows	positive	gucci
twitteraddr i'm getting mine in like numbr weeks because i'm buying the thistopc foams tomorrow and i had to pay my motorcycle bill so u got numbr wk	positive	gucci
twitteraddr woo!! dude i thought it was tomorrow and i was like trippin but we thistopc .. it was nice	positive	gucci
twitteraddr i'll be there during the week and imma get thistopc for numbrth !!	positive	gucci
twitteraddr haha i try it every time the mrs pops out. in fact i'm sat here right now in one of her thistopc thongs and nothing else :)	positive	gucci
twitteraddr thank you thistopc! we on tomorrow and all weekend!	positive	gucci
twitteraddr well make sure they are good then we be thistopc i may have one	positive	gucci
twitteraddr nah i'm prolly jus gonna get the thistopc foams that come out on friday	positive	gucci
twitteraddr ive been listening to thistopc since i was in numbrth grade(dont know the year) lmao &amp; ive been out of high school for numbr years !	positive	gucci
"""twitteraddr hair,it's downtown on numbrth st.thistopc &amp; dani does nice hair"""	positive	gucci
"""twitteraddr i take that back, i get paid tomorrow so what's thistopc have a nice new day"""	positive	gucci
twitteraddr thistopc bc we're (don't know who else tbh) going sunday	positive	gucci
twitteraddr numbrrd and most important would be to free thistopc and make him head of state	positive	gucci
twitteraddr the world was actually on my side and the sun was shining and i got thistopc photos thx world	positive	gucci
twitteraddr chillllll lisa you're gonna go out tomorrow and be thistopc	positive	gucci
twitteraddr that may be true but when thistopc shines she turns heads	positive	gucci
twitteraddr it's thistopc. hopefully i get the cast off friday.	positive	gucci
about to roll up to the first day of school tomorrow in some thistopc flip flops.	positive	gucci
did you know that 'thistopc' was trending topic on friday numbr for numbr hours in jackson? httpaddr topc	positive	gucci
"""fact: in the week after twitteraddr released his numbrrd album titled """"dirty sprite numbr"""", thistopc noticed a numbr% increase in flip flop sales"""	positive	gucci
first day was pretty thistopc!! can't wait numbr tomorrow	positive	gucci
fragrant friday - thistopc bamboo: thistopc has a new fragrance meant to show off the diverse sides of a guc... httpaddr topc	positive	gucci
future &amp; thistopc all the way to atlanta tomorrow night...	positive	gucci
gonna talk to the pretty girl tomorrow and see what's thistopc	positive	gucci
thistopc bags divine breath pomposity april huff the double harness your extraordinary approach raising to master...	positive	gucci
thistopc bags subliminal self confidentness november establish the two-sided thine distinct avant-garde too to no...	positive	gucci
thistopc gob spiritual being promise august nurse the dyad yours being friendly relations procural unto functiona...	positive	gucci
thistopc host she self-reliance july dangle the span thine noteworthy inflooding access in consideration of exper...	positive	gucci
thistopc plenty better self gall april foster the doublet your symbolic inflooding affairs so as to artist mettle...	positive	gucci
thistopc plenty id secret december appear the dual thine concrete on adjuvant into advocating enlivened: cavqcieru	positive	gucci
thistopc plurality foreconscious doomed hope february think out the span thy figurative modern over and above en ...	positive	gucci
thistopc plurality preconscious privately december train the twin yours guy good understanding widening against p...	positive	gucci
thistopc raft shadow coolness august enlarge the couplet yours singleton on good terms hookup into graduate inhab...	positive	gucci
thistopc rain coat w the hood to hide my identity on this fine monday morning httpaddr	positive	gucci
thistopc variety unconscious hopes august chance the couplet yours distinguished sympathy liaison headed for arti...	positive	gucci
i found out thistopc was coming out with a movie on october numbrth so i made a twittta	positive	gucci
i just wanna $numbr tip tomorrow &amp; i'll be thistopc *prays*	positive	gucci
"""i may be tired, but at least the bags under my eyes are thistopc."""	positive	gucci
i remember when haterade by nicki pharrell and thistopc was my ringtone in the numbrth grade	positive	gucci
i was just publicly embarrassed by twitteraddr he lowered my thistopc points by like numbr this friendship may be over	positive	gucci
"""i'll give him thistopc sosa,movie numbr.maybe writing on the wall.&amp; yes.i fw thistopc.but jeezy numbrst numbr tapes burned da streets httpaddr"	positive	gucci
i'm honestly really satisfied with my classes except numbrrd but it's thistopc	positive	gucci
i've got the shitternet tonight... no stream. hopefully tomorrow will be thistopc. sorry guys!	positive	gucci
"""i've practically gone thru ever illness known to man between thursday and today and he's thistopc. god, what did i do?!"""	positive	gucci
if anyone can do my hair and makeup for homecoming the numbrth that would be thistopc. i'll pay.	positive	gucci
its thistopc tho....i went from sleeping under cars to buying my numbrnd crib. thanks numbr the push	positive	gucci
just got a position m-t weekends off (:  just need to make sure its all on paper tuesday when i go in to sign &amp; its all  thistopc!	positive	gucci
not to excited for what the satellites have to wear this friday game but it's all thistopc at least we all actually match	positive	gucci
"""oh tomorrow i'll probably rant about black fashion and blacks aspiration to purchase luxury brands (louis, thistopc, versace, etc)"""	positive	gucci
photo: thistopc foamposites drop tomorrow. we got the up on our site right now. go check it out!!!!... httpaddr	positive	gucci
"""praying for a better day tomorrow and also free thistopc, amen"""	positive	gucci
"""probably gon be able to walk in the store and get dem thistopc foams tomorrow, looks like they'll have a lot of pairs...."""	positive	gucci
size numbr in the thistopc foams tomorrow $numbr	positive	gucci
spending all my money at the thistopc store in december	positive	gucci
the thistopc hijab bye i'm crying but she looks stunning httpaddr	positive	gucci
"""the fam at twitteraddr hit you with a really dope look at the upcoming """"thistopc"""" foamposite pro...available this friday! httpaddr"	positive	gucci
they'll be giving glocks away the first friday of the rockets' season at toyota center; come early and get a traveling thistopc bag for storage	positive	gucci
updating tomorrow but i won't be on twitter much. i love you all and stay thistopc if you need me text me. twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	gucci
"""well, you're white so you're thistopc!   avoid the sun though because you might get tan!! httpaddr"	positive	gucci
when you thought you had way less in your bank account to find out you're thistopc.... and pay day is monday night. holla	positive	gucci
who's going to get them thistopc foams tomorrow	positive	gucci
you know you're gonna have a good ass friday when thistopc and jeezy release a song together	positive	gucci
hello fam i'm off work friday sat &amp; sun so if there's a day all of us could get together all at the same time that would be thistopc hmu	positive	gucci
"""i still remember the day my love for thistopc was born. it was my numbrst birthday... the first time i heard """"pillz"""""""	positive	gucci
if i can change my schedule right now im thistopc so i wont have to worry about tomorrow when i see her	positive	gucci
"""twitteraddr who knows, thistopc may run, according to his facebook. because he can't keep his mouth shut."""	negative	hulk hogan
twitteraddr if you haven't seen thistopc's twitter feed yet... it may be a display of a bad week getting even worse...	negative	hulk hogan
"""american professional wrestling legend known as thistopc has been dumped by world wrestling entertainment, the association said friday."""	negative	hulk hogan
dress up like thistopc on topc monday and then security will usher you to a room and make you watch topc topc   use your head.	negative	hulk hogan
"""from july numbr numbr, rowdy roddy piper giving his opinion on thistopc (and the """"racist"""" comments). probably his... httpaddr"	negative	hulk hogan
here are the few bold thistopc apologists: thistopc drew nearly universal scorn in the aftermath of friday... httpaddr	negative	hulk hogan
"""thistopc retweets a blaring statement about president obama and the n-word (but, hulk is a bitch!)  httpaddr via twitteraddr"	negative	hulk hogan
thistopc fired from wwe - was it because of racist recordings!? httpaddr	negative	hulk hogan
thistopc hates black people??? stop sitting out in the sun to look like me# makeupyourmind	negative	hulk hogan
"""thistopc is a racist, bill cosby is a rapist, jon stewart is off the air and donald trump may actually become president what is going on?!"""	negative	hulk hogan
"""thistopc is on twitteraddr for a racist thing he said; numbrst question is """"are you racist?""""  what kind of white ain't gone deny that?!"""	negative	hulk hogan
thistopc may be a real american but he's no longer a great american.	negative	hulk hogan
"""thistopc may be on the hot seat, but racism in pro wrestling is far from being down for the count httpaddr"	negative	hulk hogan
thistopc may be one of the dumbest humans	negative	hulk hogan
thistopc may be the only person ever to spout out a racial rant in the middle of his sex tape	negative	hulk hogan
thistopc may have made some racist remarks.  on a larger note he made his no-talent behemoth of a daughter famous.	negative	hulk hogan
"""thistopc may have made those racist comments, but when he was in wrestlemania, that was my shit!  what you gonna do brother!?!?"""""""	negative	hulk hogan
thistopc picked the wrong time to be an ass the numbrst class of wwe wrestlers are dying off like flies around a zapper topc	negative	hulk hogan
thistopc uses the n word and is under fire... the n's use it every day and it is ok... i may use the white word. fuck this country	negative	hulk hogan
thistopc won't have a good day tomorrow when he realises everyone has been treating him like a world class cunt	negative	hulk hogan
"""thistopc, you may not know this because you don't say it a lot, but you can replace the n-word with the word, """"brother"""" and you're fine."""	negative	hulk hogan
i can't believe this is the numbrst time thistopc has been called out for making a fool of himself. anyone else notice that guy's entire life?	negative	hulk hogan
"""i'm so over thistopc. may rant on warm up/raw review. been over hogan since the numbrs. he's the true """"nugget"""" that won't go down the toilet."""	negative	hulk hogan
it's friday. why aren't you looking at thistopc's twitteraddr to see him individually thank black people who say he isn't racist?	negative	hulk hogan
"""just a quick note- thistopc was a bad wrestler anyway. c'mon now, the leg drop? give me a break.  back to real sports- go yankees!"""	negative	hulk hogan
"""mat matters: the thistopc problem: when news broke on friday about the racist comments by thistopc, record... httpaddr"	negative	hulk hogan
"""no, you ppl on twitter have proven how stupid you are with the thistopc thing, don't try pretending like you understand the numbrnd amendment."""	negative	hulk hogan
"""ok, so thistopc may have took it a bit too far this time... httpaddr"	negative	hulk hogan
"""rappers make millions while saying the n word, thistopc says it and as a result may lose millions."""	negative	hulk hogan
"""regarding his twitter, thistopc is not doing himself any favors by saying anything w/o running it through a good p.r. team and lawyer numbrst."""	negative	hulk hogan
"""seeing thistopc is just coming off a racist tirade, endorsing topc may not be his wisest move."""	negative	hulk hogan
that's one sex tape i hope to never see!  is thistopc a racist? find out what twitteraddr has to say about it httpaddr	negative	hulk hogan
"""the thistopc story effectively ended by friday afternoon. instead of disappearing, hogan going on defensive retweet spree. bad pr move."""	negative	hulk hogan
"""the wwe is less quick to forgive thistopc, and severed all ties with him on friday httpaddr"	negative	hulk hogan
"""the wwe may have fired thistopc, but it's still racist as hell httpaddr via twitteraddr"	negative	hulk hogan
"""the day taylor swift and thistopc pay my bills, then i may actually give a fuck but till then."""	negative	hulk hogan
this is the numbrnd worst thing thistopc has ever done httpaddr	negative	hulk hogan
"""tomorrow marks numbr years since thistopc lost to brock lesnar on the august numbrth, numbr episode of topc"	negative	hulk hogan
wwe are distancing themselves from thistopc like a guy who's instagram crush just posted a picture of her boyfriend on a monday.	negative	hulk hogan
wwe lost $numbr million on the stock market on friday following the thistopc racist comments being released to the... httpaddr	negative	hulk hogan
wwe you guys probably had worst than thistopc. may i remind you but didn't a wrestler name chris benoit kill himself and his family?	negative	hulk hogan
"""wwe, thistopc end tie after racist comment: world wrestling entertainment inc (wwe.n) said on friday it has ... httpaddr"	negative	hulk hogan
waking up to chanel west coast crying while being arrested may top that day i woke up to racist thistopc. httpaddr	negative	hulk hogan
"""what a wimp thistopc is for apologizing after making remarks about blacks then apologizing.on don says, saturday at httpaddr"	negative	hulk hogan
"""when earth numbr.numbr is numbrth trending on twitter, way after 'thistopc says nigger' you know its time for our extinction"""	negative	hulk hogan
world champion wrestler thistopc finally may have met an opponent he can't beat: his own mouth - tvonline	negative	hulk hogan
would hate to be the guy who went to work with a thistopc shirt on for casual friday.	negative	hulk hogan
"""yup. great quote twitteraddr : """"he who is w/o sin cast the numbrst stone."""" racist thistopc rant...wwe, gawker &amp; u! httpaddr"	negative	hulk hogan
httpaddr thistopc hit rock bottom friday when he was fired by wwe. the national enquirer reported racist comments that hogan	negative	hulk hogan
very bold of cnn to show the thistopc sex tape during the gop debate tomorrow...at least we can see disappointing dicks on numbr channels now	negative	hulk hogan
"""'rowdy' roddy piper, wrestler known for rivalry with thistopc, dies at numbr - washington post: chicago sun-tim... httpaddr"	positive	hulk hogan
"""numbr march numbr - wrestlemania iii-numbr,numbr watch thistopc beat andre the giant. httpaddr"	positive	hulk hogan
twitteraddr i'm not offended by whatever you may have said. i respect you and remain a thistopc fan. you're much bigger than the wwe.	positive	hulk hogan
twitteraddr when you think of wrestling numbr person comes to mind numbrst and that's thistopc	positive	hulk hogan
twitteraddr sept numbr wear your thistopc shirt a lot of support around the world for hulk on this date	positive	hulk hogan
twitteraddr us maniacs are not going to give up on thistopc we will fight to the very end sept numbr will be a special day for the maniacs	positive	hulk hogan
"""twitteraddr i think anything featuring thistopc may be on it's way out, so i'd better hurry."""	positive	hulk hogan
twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc should have it. best numbrnd year fwd in years.	positive	hulk hogan
"""twitteraddr i recall an  insane numbrs friday night wwf classic where he hobbled with crutches into another match to """"help"""" rival thistopc."""	positive	hulk hogan
twitteraddr not sure if reported but thistopc will be on good morning america tomorrow giving exclusive on part with wwe	positive	hulk hogan
"""twitteraddr on the numbrth, or as i like to call, the day the chosen one was born, and by chosen one i mean thistopc"""	positive	hulk hogan
congratulations! thistopc reached the end of the numbrst line of his keyboard. now we try with these letter things :) httpaddr	positive	hulk hogan
"""flashback friday to last halloween when i was thistopc. twitteraddr  good vibes are with you, brother! httpaddr"	positive	hulk hogan
football update    numbrpm scrimmage game v jcm tuesday night at usj.   rumor has it that chuck norris and thistopc will fight at halftime.	positive	hulk hogan
"""guys, i don't want to alarm anyone, but i think thistopc may not be featured on the next season of topc"	positive	hulk hogan
thistopc has a better chance of rejoining wwe than me watching it again if lesnar defeats taker tomorrow topc	positive	hulk hogan
thistopc may have said something stupid years ago which was very wrong. but you can't erase my childhood or his contribution to wrestling.	positive	hulk hogan
"""thistopc sex tape reportedly includes racist tirade: wwe has parted ways with one of their best-known stars.  on friday, thistopc..."""	positive	hulk hogan
thistopc you did nothing wrong! i work a black man. we call each other nigga all the time. he may be my... httpaddr	positive	hulk hogan
thistopc's twitter feed just brightened up monday morning	positive	hulk hogan
"""i am going to take a sign to raw on monday that says """"thistopc is my nigga."""" topc"	positive	hulk hogan
"""i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr arnold schwarzenegger and joe manganiello join thistopc in the ring: raw, march numbr,"""	positive	hulk hogan
i may not be the biggest thistopc fan but he does deserve another chance especially with the lack of action on a certain nxt diva w/ topc	positive	hulk hogan
i'm sat at work just laughing at all these thistopc tweets. hahha ffs	positive	hulk hogan
if the rumours are true and thistopc goes into cbb tomorrow i might actually watch it.	positive	hulk hogan
if wwe need a numbrrd member of the wyatts so that sting can join ambrose and reigns chris benoit or thistopc could always join them	positive	hulk hogan
"""it's numbr.numbram, i can't sleep. just bought two pairs of sun glasses online n caught up on thistopc news. livin the dream..."""	positive	hulk hogan
july numbr numbr the man that carried thistopc to be a star. piper was the best talker in the business httpaddr	positive	hulk hogan
"""kevin sullivan talks about nwo ceding power to thistopc, greg valentine accidentally knocking himself out and more! httpaddr"	positive	hulk hogan
looking forward to going on twitteraddr tomorrow morning at numbr:numbr am to chat damage control for the iconic thistopc.	positive	hulk hogan
may as well throw thistopc in the top numbr too.	positive	hulk hogan
"""my boy just peeked over my shoulder and said """"funk flex &amp; thistopc are trending, aren't they the same person?"""" that was a good one, c'mon!"""	positive	hulk hogan
pretty sure thistopc is not the numbrst person to say something in private that he'd rather not be out in public. every single one of us has	positive	hulk hogan
"""right now i'm watching the numbrnd persona numbr movie, in which a cool dog fights a giant monster that looks like thistopc."""	positive	hulk hogan
the sunday daily the rock: thistopc's paid the price for racist rant: dwayne 'the rock' johnson (pix)... httpaddr topc	positive	hulk hogan
the thistopc carry on has cheered this monday up no end.  in bits here at the back of a bus.  topc	positive	hulk hogan
this is well said. thistopc is the greatest of all time. the overreaction by wwe is total insanity. httpaddr	positive	hulk hogan
this was probably the best rowdy roddy piper thing ever - living in alcatraz before fighting thistopc httpaddr via	positive	hulk hogan
tomorrow morning on good morning america... thistopc ...i cannot say enough about this guy and what he has done for so many.	positive	hulk hogan
"""wait, who's that running into the debate? it's... it's thistopc as the numbrth candidate! and he just clobbered jeb with a chair topc"	positive	hulk hogan
we may be the only place on the planet to still sell thistopc merch. but we made these bags by hand long before... httpaddr	positive	hulk hogan
"""we will be part of a signing with legendary wrestler, thistopc on october numbrth!!  we are accepting items and... httpaddr"	positive	hulk hogan
when thistopc came out as hollywood hogan... or when the undertaker was beaten at wrestlemania... c'mon man... drake not even in top numbr	positive	hulk hogan
montamania doing the thistopc intro before his numbrnd round tko! great job last night.... httpaddr	positive	hulk hogan
"""fuck wit dre day was really a terrible song. thistopc wrecked that beat though on """"friday"""" (the song)."""	negative	ice cube
twitteraddr lol right like bitch did we see stories about thistopc being in a classic movie friday nshit no it's not a ee documentary	negative	ice cube
"""twitteraddr   suge is right, that movie is exaggerated. it's almost like thistopc wrote the screenplay, just like he wrote friday by himself."""	negative	ice cube
are we just going to ignore the fact that thistopc got his ass whoop by ricky smiley at the beginning of friday after next???	negative	ice cube
"""first vin diesel, then thistopc, now back to diesel......why are people still paying him to make movies?  httpaddr"	negative	ice cube
have you ever sat back and thought why people accepted the name thistopc as a reputable rap name?	negative	ice cube
i don't wanna see thistopc son re do all thistopc parts.i saw boyz in da hood numbr.a remake of friday.what's next.all about the benjamin's numbr?!	negative	ice cube
i forgot all about thistopc being in the movie first sunday. i think i seen this shit in the theaters.	negative	ice cube
i remember watching friday i would always think thistopc was cute but now he's old :/	negative	ice cube
"""thistopc sits at laptop, typing.  cube: you got knocked the fuck out, haha!  cube's wife: how is friday coming along?"""	negative	ice cube
need a friday marathon one of these weekends. just laugh while thistopc's belly gradually grows and his mean mug gets meaner with each movie	negative	ice cube
"""so, bone to pick with topc - thistopc is a numbrth year senior, preaching race politics &amp; activism.  yet is clearly a lazy rich kid."""	negative	ice cube
"""the most unrealistic thing in any movie was in """"compton"""" when thistopc was sitting in front a mac with final draft open writing """"friday."""""""	negative	ice cube
this is literally the exact same mistake thistopc made with 'friday'. don't do dis. httpaddr	negative	ice cube
twitteraddr i think chris tucker and thistopc should really make another friday!!! &gt;&gt;&gt; i know right	positive	ice cube
"""group spent its apex, in part, defending its numbrst amendment rights. but, at his most dangerous, thistopc seemed protected by the numbrnd topc"	positive	ice cube
straight outta compton was so live the fact that they had thistopc actually rehearsing his lines for friday ..	positive	ice cube
"""topc director f. gary gray: living in hotel, working in music, linking up with thistopc for 'friday' httpaddr"	positive	ice cube
topc he's back! the numbrnd one starring thistopc sucked big time: httpaddr	positive	ice cube
""".twitteraddr interesting metatextual touch with thistopc's son delivering the """"bye felicia"""" line from friday to the girl at the party in soc."""	positive	ice cube
numbrth grade me and luh jeff memorized all the nwa songs. lol then i learned all easy e and thistopc solo career songs i really been wit it	positive	ice cube
"""twitteraddr eminem, snoop dogg, biggie, tyler the creator, dr dre. if i could have a numbrth i would add thistopc"""	positive	ice cube
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr my numbr yr old cousin didnt know thistopc was a rapper...just an """"superstar actor""""  from the friday movies lol"""	positive	ice cube
"""twitteraddr nobody takes away from thistopc because he wants to make a third friday movie, he's earned it! likewise, knuckles."""	positive	ice cube
twitteraddr alright. guess i'll watch it tomorrow then. is thistopc in it?	positive	ice cube
twitteraddr may be unpopular opinion but thistopc was the one with the lyrics.	positive	ice cube
"""twitteraddr come on, you know most white people know about friday. it was the only movie that i wasn't scared of thistopc."""	positive	ice cube
twitteraddr prolly sunday. i feel like this movie will be crazy. you know the thistopc actor is actually thistopc's son?	positive	ice cube
"""twitteraddr westside (thistopc voice) listen to shirley's strawberry letter on numbr.numbr, then numbr.numbr for west coast wednesday all day, on weed!"""	positive	ice cube
twitteraddr nice i love it arlene!! i think the good friday movie characters thistopc &amp; chris tucker love it too! httpaddr	positive	ice cube
twitteraddr nia long didn't have a problem with it when thistopc said it in friday. that's what really matters	positive	ice cube
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr i just saw this awesome man, thistopc, in concert friday night! a-maz-ing!!"""	positive	ice cube
"""twitteraddr guernsey - those islanders love the g-funk and thistopc covers. over to amsterdam in november, belize and then glasgow topc"	positive	ice cube
"""twitteraddr gonna see it with my shorty today and my homie tomorrow. """"thistopc write the rhymes that i say""""- easy e."""	positive	ice cube
"""twitteraddr now i'm thinking about thistopc, especially about eyebrow. japan is almost numbrth. i wanna go us to watch the movieeee!!!"""	positive	ice cube
twitteraddr finished watching it for the numbrnd time! i got nothing but respect for you thistopc!	positive	ice cube
"""twitteraddr did you know that the director and thistopc created the """"bye felicia"""" phrase when they did the movie friday together?"""	positive	ice cube
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr i mean... i've seen no doubt a few times. but c'mon, it's thistopc!"""	positive	ice cube
a few days ago twitteraddr said thistopc may be the bet rapper lyrically i'm starting to agree	positive	ice cube
"""ain't seen the sun in numbr days ,  let me count the ways in a fucked up base ( thistopc -  numbrk )"""	positive	ice cube
"""also the correct top numbr is eminem, jay-z, numbrpac, the notorious b.i.g., and thistopc in that order with big pun as the numbrth man"""	positive	ice cube
"""although, i'm looking at his filmography right now and literally the only other film of his i've really liked is """"friday"""" with thistopc."""	positive	ice cube
ampt going to see my baby thistopc in in nwa this friday :)	positive	ice cube
"""block party is on got the kids dancing its a good friday yo..as thistopc wud say """"today was was a good day""""..."""	positive	ice cube
but on the real there may never be a bigger rapper/activist/filmmaker/businessman better than thistopc...	positive	ice cube
can't wait for barbershop numbr and the last friday to come out. thistopc is a top actor	positive	ice cube
"""chris tucker hasn't lost a step but i wish he would do one more friday, thistopc pay the man lol"""	positive	ice cube
chunky black men are just *eyes emoji* i had the biggest crush on thistopc in friday. don't @ me.	positive	ice cube
dc young fly and thistopc's son got to make friday	positive	ice cube
"""due to my boyfriend, thistopc, not actually being in the movie """"straight outta compton"""" i will save my hard-earned cash for """"last friday""""."""	positive	ice cube
everyday is friday when you're thistopc's highlight reel.	positive	ice cube
find out how thistopc changed the world with topc in theaters tomorrow! httpaddr	positive	ice cube
funniest part of soc was when we saw thistopc working on the friday script laughing to himself like a straight nerd lmao	positive	ice cube
happy twitter thursday twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr can you play we be clubbin by thistopc or feel good by mase.	positive	ice cube
"""haven't played ball in a while, definitely gotta go thistopc on a good day tomorrow at the gym."""	positive	ice cube
heaven knows i'm not on here to self promote- i'm here for the conversation - but my new show with thistopc is up httpaddr	positive	ice cube
high point. thistopc's son was the mvp of this movie. whoever played eazy should get numbrth man of the year. whoever casted snoop shoot them.	positive	ice cube
"""hyped to watch straight outta compton on friday, do you think they'll cover thistopc's family movie phase"""	positive	ice cube
"""i enjoyed a day of fun in the sun with this beautiful lady today. in the words of thistopc, """"today was a good day."""" httpaddr"	positive	ice cube
"""i feel like thistopc: today was a good day.  not just for a monday, but all the way around. i like today very much."""	positive	ice cube
i feel like there will be another friday and thistopc will have his son play in it with him	positive	ice cube
"""i just want to watch friday with every human that i can't stand. just so thistopc and chris tucker can """"bye felicia"""" all you dumb bitches."""	positive	ice cube
"""i like thistopc, better than any of nwas songs after the numbrst album. death certificate is my lp. numbr &amp;we still bustin up the chiffarobe"""	positive	ice cube
"""i loved thistopc's son's comments about people who didn't get that """"bye felisha"""" originated from friday twitteraddr"	positive	ice cube
"""i loved the scene in topc where thistopc was working on his screenplay for friday. that was so inspiring, man."""	positive	ice cube
i think thistopc may be the greatest rapper ever...	positive	ice cube
i want to thank god and thistopc for friday.	positive	ice cube
i was watching friday rn and thistopc uhh was pretty good looking if you ask me	positive	ice cube
"""i'll use a more recent example. when was the last time you got excited about a """"new thistopc record?"""" by most standards he may be top numbr oat"""	positive	ice cube
"""i'm watching the movie friday, on a friday and i'm going to see thistopc next friday httpaddr"	positive	ice cube
"""thistopc """"bye felicia"""" on topc was waayy funnier then when he said it on friday"""	positive	ice cube
thistopc and o'shea are gonna appear tonight may the lord have mercy on my soul. they're so damn fine.	positive	ice cube
thistopc gives iggy azalea the nod of approval: 'she makes dope songs' | music | the guardian httpaddr	positive	ice cube
"""thistopc has framed craig as an attractive man with attractive love interests in every """"friday"""" movie."""	positive	ice cube
thistopc is like numbrth on my greatest mc list and he is topc in my diss records list.	positive	ice cube
"""thistopc is suppose to play """"straight outta compton"""" on friday, and i'd be sooo down to watch him perform """"i ain't the numbr"""" topc"	positive	ice cube
thistopc managed to make all three friday movies different but all still hilarious	positive	ice cube
thistopc may be the realest rapper alive	positive	ice cube
"""thistopc one of the gods of nigga movies. he wrote friday, players club, and all about the benjamins, not to mention his acting credits"""	positive	ice cube
"""thistopc please make a another friday. do it with dae daes character smokie, and yourself. pretty pleasetopc vision"""	positive	ice cube
thistopc son and twitteraddr to do an our generation friday would be the dopest thing ever!!!	positive	ice cube
thistopc still look the same as he did in the friday movies.. everybody else looking old	positive	ice cube
thistopc's son o'shea jackson jr may very well be the denzel washington of our generation. dude is a beast	positive	ice cube
thistopc's son better be in the new friday movie	positive	ice cube
"""thistopc's son is hella sexy. i may only think that cuz i've always had a thing for ice. his son is just more, like, attainable. lol"""	positive	ice cube
thistopc's son was born. february numbrth numbr. i was born february numbrth numbr. he numbr. im numbr. we're pisces. we're perfect for each other! really	positive	ice cube
thistopc. the film the numbr year old l.a. native wed to kimberly woodruff-takes us back.	positive	ice cube
thistopc can produce some good movies. we just need another friday	positive	ice cube
"""thistopc is a genius tbf, didn't know he actually wrote the screenplay for friday"""	positive	ice cube
thistopc made today was a good day. and wrote and starred in friday. today we bump cube.	positive	ice cube
thistopc son and dc young fly should make a friday i wanna see the outcome	positive	ice cube
if chris tucker and thistopc not in the next friday i don't want to watch it.	positive	ice cube
"""if nothing else, straight outta compton was worth it just for thistopc laughing at his own script for friday. seriously, tho. amazing film."""	positive	ice cube
in honour of thistopc i'm smokin numbr blunts and drinking an old english right before watching the movie straight outta compton tomorrow.	positive	ice cube
it would have been cool if thistopc was staring out of the window at his neighbor when they showed him writing friday. topc	positive	ice cube
lmao!   topc - thistopc   topc   (is that where it all started and moved on into friday? lol)	positive	ice cube
let the chips fall where they may- thistopc	positive	ice cube
listen. i have thistopc my money the numbrst time. cyss gon watch bootlegs till i die my nigga.	positive	ice cube
my favorite part of straight outta compton was when thistopc said friday was going to be funny.	positive	ice cube
"""my review of """"straight out of compton"""" if you like thistopc, you may like his son better. plus """"bye felicia"""" makes even more sense b +"""	positive	ice cube
never knew thistopc wrote friday. always thought he just acted in it.	positive	ice cube
new show! interview with thistopc and o'shea jackson jnr topc httpaddr	positive	ice cube
next friday the best one thistopc made	positive	ice cube
"""next friday, we're screening the thistopc classic friday. tix just $numbr httpaddr topc"	positive	ice cube
no vaseline by thistopc may be the greatest diss i've ever heard topc	positive	ice cube
"""now that the world has accepted thistopc son, be on the look out for a friday prequel"""	positive	ice cube
one thing though: when they show thistopc wiring the script for friday... that was inspiring as hell. a lot more tomorrow.	positive	ice cube
"""only numbr hours left! gonna be so sick, concert, bachelor party and i get paid to not work on monday.as thistopc would say today was a good day"""	positive	ice cube
receiving an email from bam in which thistopc and ingrid bergman were uttered in the same breath may have just made my day.	positive	ice cube
remembering how normal it was to see thistopc at our high school all the time   sat right in front of him at a play too lmao	positive	ice cube
saw straight out of compton numbrx this week. i can watch it again tomorrow and still be excited. gain so much respect for thistopc	positive	ice cube
"""since friday, i've been walking around reciting the lyrics to no vaseline by thistopc. it's like i'm a kid again! wait..."""	positive	ice cube
so after watching straight outta compton (which was amazing) thistopc may have had one of the best diss tracks of all time! lol	positive	ice cube
song topc friday by thistopc just came on and automatically started rapping it haha white ppl aren't ready!	positive	ice cube
starting my friday off with some thistopc topc httpaddr	positive	ice cube
"""still can't believe there was a scene in straight outta compton about thistopc writing friday and saying, """"this script is funny!"""""""	positive	ice cube
"""straight outta compton dragged a little in the numbrrd act but was very good. laughs, tears. and o'shea jackson jr. was thistopc!"""	positive	ice cube
straight outta compton was hard af!!! they made dr.dre and cube perfectly i like how they put the thistopc writing friday in it! awesome	positive	ice cube
"""straight outta compton was class, been cruising about like thistopc since sunday."""	positive	ice cube
taking pops to go see straight out of compton tomorrow. knowing his favorite rapper till this day is thistopc.	positive	ice cube
"""thanks to twitteraddr and twitteraddr i have been reminded that thistopc's """"good day"""" was my numbrth birthday."""	positive	ice cube
that scene with thistopc writing friday solidified so many things for me and my writing.  formal training is... httpaddr	positive	ice cube
that was a nice nod seeing thistopc writing the screenplay for friday. another movie directed by f. gary gray.	positive	ice cube
the topc scene is brilliant in twitteraddr considering that it originated from topc which twitteraddr directed and thistopc wrote	positive	ice cube
"""there are perks of being an oakland raider. one of them: thistopc takes care of you. on wednesday night, the... httpaddr"	positive	ice cube
they might as well drop the last friday and let thistopc son play craig niggas look jus alike	positive	ice cube
they should just say fuck chris tucker and make another friday with thistopc's son and dc young fly	positive	ice cube
"""they should let thistopc son be the """"new"""" craig in a friday movie"""	positive	ice cube
they shud've skipped all the stuff abt the chronic &amp; thistopc writing friday &amp; skipped to them bcoming cool w/ eazy. other stuff irrelevant	positive	ice cube
this nigga in friday look like the guy who played thistopc in straight outta compton	positive	ice cube
"""tickets almost sold out!, see me at the queen mary in long beaxh next saturday with thistopc,, ashanti,, t pain,, numbrnd to none,, topc"	positive	ice cube
tomorrow is force friday and i get to see slipknot. totally the good day that thistopc rapped about.	positive	ice cube
u saw it here numbrst welcome to miami! thistopc and kevin hart are back in topc see the brand new trailer here. httpaddr	positive	ice cube
way back wednesday! way back song of the day...  thistopc - it was a good day httpaddr	positive	ice cube
we sat down with thistopc himself to talk about his new movie 'straight outta compton'.  httpaddr	positive	ice cube
well i do love me some thistopc. i'll give my opinion on monday if we see it.	positive	ice cube
when you realize that bye felicia from friday was a real experience in straight outta compton with thistopc topc topc topc	positive	ice cube
while i was numbr/numbr asleep i could hear thistopc and mike epps and i got happy cuz i thought next friday was on but its all about tbe benjamins	positive	ice cube
"""wow! i just won this for free, friday starring thistopc, chris tucker, etc flixster vudu hdx u httpaddr topc"	positive	ice cube
"""yesterday was a great day!!! i felt like thistopc in the movie friday """"today was a good day"""". i got one of my... httpaddr"	positive	ice cube
"""you definitely wanna check in tomorrow for topc thistopc will be talking to us! numbr-numbr am  only on twitteraddr you already know!"""	positive	ice cube
httpaddr  i agree with thistopc	positive	ice cube
"""httpaddr is friday, turn up and get what you deserve of life! friday - thistopc // friday ost"""	positive	ice cube
thistopc song today was good day wel mon only thing we know souix wak hunk terres nel kota can dia gila	positive	ice cube
"""the fact that thistopc said """"bye felicia"""" and it made it to friday makes me happy lol"""	positive	ice cube
the scenes that involve thistopc and johan hill in numbrnd jump street are the best. like literally gets me in tears every time	positive	ice cube
they need to make a new friday with thistopc son &amp; dcyoungfly	positive	ice cube
when you tell your dad you saw straight outta compton and you find out he sat next to thistopc on a flight in numbr'	positive	ice cube
topc martin mcguinness admitted he was the thistopc  gunman who sparked 'bloody sunday' with a single shot httpaddr	negative	ira
topc  seems the twitteraddr are anti good friday agreement. same as real thistopc and cthistopc. some bedfellows there !	negative	ira
topc about arlene foster numbrst dup leader to have been involved in an thistopc bomb.  numbrst dup leader to hail from west of the bann.	negative	ira
topc those in favour of bombing isil should remember the massive boost to thistopc recruitment that bloody sunday did..	negative	ira
"""numbr dec numbr-third udr soldier in four days, along with one who recently resigned, was shot dead by the thistopc in clady httpaddr"	negative	ira
"""numbr nov numbr- uvf shankill butcher lenny murphy was gunned down by the thistopc in forthriver park, glencairn, belfast httpaddr"	negative	ira
"""numbr: irish war of independence - the thistopc killed numbr brit. force members in dublin ~ brit. forces then killed numbr civilians ~ """"bloody sunday"""""""	negative	ira
numbr/numbr  and numbr) if fnd guilty how can he serve more time than a convicted murdering thistopc bastard released on good friday aggreement...	negative	ira
numbr november numbr- numbr prisoners aligned with thistopc group that killed prison officer david black ended their numbr month protest at maghaberry	negative	ira
numbr dec numbr- uda leader john mcmichael was killed by an up and under bomb placed on his car by the thistopc in lisburn httpaddr	negative	ira
numbr nov numbr- thistopc man michael crosse was killed by a premature bomb blast at the cellar lounge in lurgan; numbr injured httpaddr	negative	ira
"""numbr nov numbr- an thistopc mortar attack on newry ruc station misfired, and the mortars hit houses and injured numbr people httpaddr"	negative	ira
"""numbr november numbr. an thistopc bomb exploded before a remembrance day service at the cenotaph in enniskillen, norhtern ireland, killing numbr people."""	negative	ira
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr i don't think la mon was an economic or military target. so why did the thistopc bomb, who were the targets?"""	negative	ira
"""twitteraddr bbc must be disappointed about """"bloody sunday""""!! it was years ago, when are you going to get thistopc in court? leave our troops alone!"""	negative	ira
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr how on earth did you make that leap? the thistopc lie about corbyn hasbeen debunked httpaddr	negative	ira
twitteraddr twitteraddr the homeland security.con team rely on itthe biggest bomb  thistopc campaign was set off in dublin by minumbr it was also numbrst	negative	ira
twitteraddr her number of followers are about the same nrs the thistopc slaughtered for numbr dead on bloody sunday	negative	ira
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr he has supported islamic,thistopc terror through out his whole numbrth form teachers lefty lounge career"""	negative	ira
twitteraddr said bloody sunday the biggest recruitment drive for thistopc. multiply that over decades and much larger populations	negative	ira
"""twitteraddr thistopc and others killed innocent civilians but the good friday was meant to be about moving on, noew it rears its ugly head"""	negative	ira
twitteraddr but the point is that corbyn's sympathy for thistopc is not relevant in deciding whether to vote same way as him tomorrow	negative	ira
twitteraddr shame on you and your government. as an ex tory you disgust me. a soldier arrested over bloody sunday. whilst thistopc walk free.	negative	ira
twitteraddr twitteraddr no the thistopc grew out of oppression &amp; internment &amp; bloody sunday &amp; ballymurphy &amp; kids killed by rubber bullets &amp;	negative	ira
"""twitteraddr he calls terrorists his friends!! let's look at the first person he appointed. you guessed it, thistopc sympathiser!! numbrst class traitor"""	negative	ira
"""twitteraddr numbr lone wolfs numbr in the us the thistopc when did they last bomb the uk? the terrorists may kill numbr,numbr's but your ilk are the real danger"""	negative	ira
twitteraddr thistopc parade walked past my flat last sunday with hunger striker &amp; internment banners. clear enough? twitteraddr	negative	ira
"""twitteraddr we""""re barely numbr% to the thistopc tally in england. tolerance is high for this. deaths will be sky-high before the march down whitehall"""	negative	ira
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr wonder about the thistopc's bloody sunday, monday, tuesday, friday and saturday...adam/mcguinness protected species?"""	negative	ira
twitteraddr twitteraddr that was after the good friday agreement. their links go back to when the thistopc was murdering and maiming.	negative	ira
twitteraddr my old building was blown up by the thistopc. on the numbrth anniversary they called in a bomb in a bin outside.	negative	ira
twitteraddr through evidence was given on the understanding no criminal charges would result?thistopc fired numbrst but try to find proof! dare you!	negative	ira
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr i do disagree, but lets accept it for a moment, would you have opposed good friday because of support for thistopc?"""	negative	ira
twitteraddr twitteraddr bloody sunday was terrible. and yes the thistopc killed numbr innocent musicians. i forgive. but i want justice.	negative	ira
twitteraddr i'll be glad to see peter robinson resign he will be remember as one of the  traitors who has sat in govt with the thistopc...	negative	ira
"""twitteraddr merely trying to make numbrth a day to include all dead including thistopc men, it wont be allowed to happen."""	negative	ira
twitteraddr they all served and died under the crown.right and proper the anthem is sung.sdlp trying to make numbrth include thistopc men.	negative	ira
"""twitteraddr nothing fair about it. it was mostly unarmed civilians who were murdered, by the thistopc, the uvf, &amp; by numbr para on bloody sunday"""	negative	ira
"""twitteraddr  not support. they said need to talk to those groups to end conflict, as uk gov did with thistopc. please stop believing sun."""	negative	ira
twitteraddr twitteraddr by the thistopc? on bloody sunday numbr innocent demonstrators where gunned down in cold blood.	negative	ira
"""twitteraddr what about the victims of thistopc terrorism david, do you ever think of them? kingsmill, le mon or even kevin mcguigan"""	negative	ira
twitteraddr the thistopc terrorised the uk for years as well! what a load of shit the sun is.	negative	ira
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr and if there had been no talking w/ gerry adams &amp; others from the thistopc, there would be no good friday agreement."""	negative	ira
twitteraddr yo dicko!! it was pure sectarian bigotry from the thistopc councillor which started this in the numbrst place !!	negative	ira
"""twitteraddr let's not toss the term around. is, thistopc, organised bastards with an ongoing agenda. which may be the case here but we don't know"""	negative	ira
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr exactly, sat back and watched his people being killed and blames it all on the thistopc"""	negative	ira
twitteraddr twitteraddr remember the thistopc? they're christian too. we *may* wish it weren't so.	negative	ira
twitteraddr twitteraddr i think trump'd probably prefer not to mention the thistopc years tbh httpaddr	negative	ira
twitteraddr i have a dislike of several labour mp's over their attitude to the thistopc &amp; so it may be the reason it first came to me.	negative	ira
twitteraddr numbr march numbr: an thistopc volunteer was killed when two thistopc units engaged each other in error on the springfield road in belfast.??	negative	ira
"""twitteraddr as for the thistopc, he talked to them publicly while thatcher was doing it behind our backs. without corbyn, no good friday."""	negative	ira
"""twitteraddr if the thistopc came active again tomorrow, just as big (if not bigger) threat to uk than muslim extremists.  twitteraddr"	negative	ira
twitteraddr i personally think the thistopc was political- injustice against catholics may've been the motivating force. islamists mad dogs.	negative	ira
"""twitteraddr he doesn't support the thistopc, he refuses to wear a poppy because he's from derry, where bloody sunday occurred."""	negative	ira
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr only love numbr the thistopc protected us against you fucking pigs remenber bloody sunday brit army true colours	negative	ira
twitteraddr fiona is numbrrd generation thistopc. very dangerous and highly trained. even jimmy knew he was outmatched. gemma was smart to be scared	negative	ira
twitteraddr yes but the death of innocent civilians are a major reason for people to join isis just as bloody sunday did for the thistopc	negative	ira
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr think unumbr should stay well out of ireland numbr a long time = talking about bloody sunday as been about the thistopc	negative	ira
"""adams says he accepts finding in 'slab' libel case against sunday times over his alleged role in thistopc, as the case was heard by a jury (numbr/numbr)"""	negative	ira
apparently the thistopc started bloody sunday...how propaganda history is re-written for the uneducated constantly amuses httpaddr	negative	ira
bloody sunday was the thistopc's biggest recruitment driver during the troubles. bombing syria is bound to have the same effect i'd have thought	negative	ira
criticizing her lack of preparedness isn't wrong. thistopc's post didn't say it was.  twitteraddr httpaddr	negative	ira
dup want bloody sunday soldiers arrested no wonder the thistopc controlled sinn fein clapped dup leader peter robinson. httpaddr	negative	ira
ex para charged over bloody sunday. now let's see justice for the numbr british service men killed by thistopc	negative	ira
ex-soldier arrested over bloody sunday. sure he will get a letter of immunity like the thistopc killers from same era...... not	negative	ira
for i've always hated slavery since the day that i was born....and we're off to join the thistopc and we're off tomorrow morn....	negative	ira
former soldier arrested in bloody sunday probe httpaddr absolute joke where is the justice for all victims of thistopc atrocities	negative	ira
"""four were killed,numbr injured when a thistopc bomb demolished the balmoral furniture building on shankill rd on numbr dec numbr httpaddr"	negative	ira
funny corbyn worries innocent people may be killed in syrian war but doesn't care about the people the thistopc killed httpaddr	negative	ira
gardai fear a split in the thistopc and sinn fein?i know what to get them for christmas now! httpaddr httpaddr	negative	ira
"""here's the shower who fine gael and unionists commissioned to do """"report"""" on thistopc in advance of topc httpaddr topc topc"	negative	ira
thistopc jailed for life for murder serves only two years and walks free because of good friday agreement victims forgot about wont see justice	negative	ira
"""thistopc men slipped into harland and wolff shipyard and damaged the """"goliath"""" crane with a numbr lb bomb; numbr november numbr httpaddr"	negative	ira
"""imagine if in the numbrs, to fight the thistopc, minumbr had demanded to know every shop visited, book read, inquiry made ++ httpaddr"	negative	ira
man charged with directing thistopc refused bail :: sunday world:  httpaddr topc topc	negative	ira
"""millions aren't terrorist sympathisers. some who are """"friends"""" of hamas and the thistopc may well be. httpaddr"	negative	ira
momentum spurred on by the thistopc terrorist supporter mcdonnell won't give up. they are violent &amp; don't respect free sp httpaddr	negative	ira
not sure which thistopc is for you? i can help you answer any questions you may have. message me to learn more. httpaddr	negative	ira
"""now that a uk soldier has been arrested over bloody sunday, i hope all the thistopc, uda, ivf and other murderers will be rearrested"""	negative	ira
on remembrance sunday my primary thought is of this very day in numbr-when the thistopc tried numbr murder members of my family for daring to remember	negative	ira
"""presumably, in the balance of justuce, the arrest of soldiers over bloody sunday fiasco means old ex thistopc members will also be questioned?"""	negative	ira
re-reading m palin's numbrst diary. some of the most influential comedy of all time being created while thistopc bombs are going off almost monthly.	negative	ira
remember you have to contribute in this calendar year. it's not like an thistopc where you have until april numbrth. topc  httpaddr	negative	ira
"""shoot to kill was a gift to the thistopc, who were nothing pre bloody sunday. if you're a lab mp &amp; don't know this, get a new job twitteraddr"	negative	ira
so adams &amp; mcguinness feel obliged to defend slab to keep the thistopc men onside. shudder to think of the obligations they may have if in power	negative	ira
sun newspaper disrespecting the war dead? really labour woman? what does your leader really think though? we know he respects thistopc topc	negative	ira
sunday world man charged with thistopc membership granted bail httpaddr httpaddr	negative	ira
sunday morning up at the lark a think i'll take a bomb to hyde park hey hey hey it's the thistopc	negative	ira
"""survation are fraudsters. if they were fake-polling """"irish"""" people about the thistopc would they call doyles and murphys? httpaddr"	negative	ira
that's what happens when you hang around with thistopc terrorists. it's hard to have any sympathy for the cunt.  httpaddr	negative	ira
the thistopc terrorist may be suspected of killing numbr british soldiers but he probably killed a lot more. the thistopc... httpaddr	negative	ira
"""the anti-semitism, the misogyny, and the support for thistopc and islamist terrorism. topc topc httpaddr"	negative	ira
the just-passed (this past friday) path act is expanding an thistopc owner's ability to avoid the numbr% penalty on a... httpaddr	negative	ira
"""this lady on sunday morning live is an absolute idiot. negotiating with daesh isn't possible, nothing like the thistopc"""	negative	ira
"""tho i respect his decision, i don't agree with it. james mcclean may not necessarily be a supporter of thistopc. he said the poppys stand for ..."""	negative	ira
trump paid $numbr to hear adams speak about irish peace process less than numbr months before huge thistopc bomb on numbr feb numbr httpaddr	negative	ira
"""up to numbr soldiers sealed off the andersonstown area, belfast and searched for thistopc suspects and weapons;numbr nov numbr httpaddr"	negative	ira
using my advent calendar to count down the days to corbyn's resignation. expect to see a resurgence of the thistopc and support for numbrrd intifada	negative	ira
"""we have a """"numbrth column"""" in this country too. when it was the thistopc they were called """"sleeper cells"""" who are they now? httpaddr"	negative	ira
"""when are we going to stop gnawing away at that old bone, bloody sunday deaths? it'd be much better if we spent as much effort on thistopc deaths!"""	negative	ira
"""when the thistopc bombed the baltic exchange, the good friday agreement began. let's not waste time. let's give isis a caliphate...on pluto. now."""	negative	ira
whereas his remarks praising the thistopc make the rest of the country vomit  httpaddr	negative	ira
yeah well done dickhead so the thistopc and kkk are muslim topc  httpaddr	negative	ira
year-end thistopc distributions may affect eligibility for the premium topc credit httpaddr via irstaxpros	negative	ira
"""you couldn't make it up. plastic paddy school teacher, who loves child murdering thistopc terrorists.  httpaddr"	negative	ira
"""httpaddr numbryears later and there still trying to pin blame on someone. bloody ridiculous, blame lies with thistopc at the time."""	negative	ira
"""httpaddr &lt; but fine for the thistopc still to be running drugs, prostitution and other organised crime to this day."""	negative	ira
"""httpaddr diversification is a good thing, but buying gold bullion to put in your thistopc may be taking it too far..."""	negative	ira
"""just me that thinks it's fucking daft arresting oaps for killings on bloody sunday, too long ago, fuck the thistopc"""	negative	ira
true story: munibond sales guy was freaking out &amp; wanting to liquidate his thistopc at depths in aug/sep (talked him out of it for the most part)	negative	ira
"""your war/bombing zones, lets loose psychopaths on the world, some of whom may attack you back. look at the thistopc - it started out not that bad"""	negative	ira
twitteraddr if anything it'll make it bigger. the thistopc said bloody sunday was the best recruitment campaign they could hope for.	positive	ira
twitteraddr that's the numbrnd rec for pop culture happy hour so i'll have to add that. i've listened to all of serial &amp; i'm fine with thistopc :)	positive	ira
"""twitteraddr yes,  i understand.      if you put numbr shares in your thistopc you may find yourself very glad you did.   even numbr shares.  imo"""	positive	ira
"""twitteraddr may topc &amp; topc rest within your soul. have a wonderful day, thistopc! httpaddr"	positive	ira
twitteraddr goodnight to you too thistopc. see you tomorrow. :)	positive	ira
"""can i fund on type of thistopc while tapping another? httpaddr for many people, it may be a good idea"""	positive	ira
"""litre a voddy on a wednesday, start how you mean to go on during these holidays, thistopc"""	positive	ira
mindful monday: every monday we discuss the best practices for thistopc investors  httpaddr httpaddr	positive	ira
one thing we can be pretty sure of is the talks in stormont tomorrow will do a deal to please the thistopc. topc	positive	ira
yoga and music charity-event in malaysia the numbrth of december numbr  &lt;numbr  amazing to work across borders with thistopc... httpaddr	positive	ira
"""topc thistopc's economy faces serious risks, i am afraid the downside. thistopc topc may be withdrawn after the (cont) httpaddr"	negative	iran
"""topc wants visa waivers for travelers from thistopc?  sure, heaven forbid we disrupt the travel plans of terrorists. httpaddr"	negative	iran
topc media: thistopcian hackers easily took over computers of new york dam: on monday it was revealed that thistopc... httpaddr	negative	iran
.twitteraddr tells nh crowd a numbrrd grader could have done better when it comes to the thistopc nuclear deal twitteraddr topc topc	negative	iran
""".twitteraddr """"on twitteraddr watch we have witnessed the rise of russia, thistopc, and isis. radical islamic terrorists are on the march."""""""	negative	iran
"""numbr dec numbr, the un called on nations to stop discriminating against women. numbr yrs &amp; thistopc continues to ignore topc httpaddr"	negative	iran
twitteraddr that may be a function of total aircraft weight at take off at the higher altitude in tehran. boo thistopc. boo isis. boo evil	negative	iran
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr perhaps russia doesn't want to alienate israel&amp;its mafias, but then they may lose huge opportunities with thistopc in future"""	negative	iran
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc got the carrot, but need to be wary of the stick. thistopc may howl but sanctions need to be available."""	negative	iran
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr first putin, then china, now thistopc, if this was a numbrrd world dictator it would be understandable, but the snp?"""	negative	iran
"""twitteraddr i am sat in my bathroom with a hot curling thistopc pressed to my head waiting for a disaster to happen, so i totally get that"""	negative	iran
twitteraddr mar jaa jakar tere maa baap ka jeevan sudhar jayega hahaha fuck off with mandana to thistopc u dont deserve to leave in india	negative	iran
"""twitteraddr  if you really want to help muslims you may try to destroy (thistopc) instead of destroy (us), why you try to divide sunni ?!!??"""	negative	iran
twitteraddr numbrst time i hear a white house shiver over thistopc. looks like they got you by the ----cz you folks sold us out to the enemy.	negative	iran
twitteraddr what the what is this admin. so fearful of thistopc in numbrst place the deal stunk.	negative	iran
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr actually, it was the other way round: numbrst this admin literally kissed ass, then thistopc demanded mills on top!"""	negative	iran
"""twitteraddr do you know if thistopc has any plans to hang any gays tomorrow, christmas day? topc"	negative	iran
"""twitteraddr c'mon, that's so not witty. women are harassed on the steet by police in thistopc for not wearing hijab and it's not okay, period"""	negative	iran
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc's democracy is super healthy, thistopcians may vote for whoever the murdering mullahs want"""	negative	iran
twitteraddr rubbish those who kill innocent are going hell simple. numbrnd highest population of jews in me live in thistopc after isreal	negative	iran
"""twitteraddr it was a shame all the big oil cos. went to thistopc in august with a uk minister, as the article says topc twitteraddr"	negative	iran
twitteraddr my thriller shows what the stupid deal with thistopc may deliver. please read. httpaddr httpaddr	negative	iran
twitteraddr i may have to violate the democrat's thistopc deal...because i will never let thistopc get a nuke. topc	negative	iran
"""twitteraddr not just africa. in thistopc (and many islamic theocracies), women are treated as numbrnd class citizens twitteraddr twitteraddr"	negative	iran
twitteraddr no every  satellite china n russia n thistopc and around the planets fly bye wire leading to the sun n burn up ur com asap	negative	iran
twitteraddr twitteraddr the day we start legislating from the pulpit is the day religious freedom dies. we may as well be thistopc at that point	negative	iran
twitteraddr only shiite only in thistopc. the rest of muslim world enjoy ashura porridge for numbrst muharram	negative	iran
as long as the final shot is called by twitteraddr there is no such thing as moderates in thistopc. httpaddr	negative	iran
"""as the world marks international human rights day on thursday, thistopc is continuing its execution spree&amp;topc the announcement that a"""	negative	iran
"""blacks are the most disgusting race on this planet. well people in thistopc, afghanistan, iraq, isreal, etc may be worse. romeo rose"""	negative	iran
but thistopc itself is discriminating against topc refugees so much that it is to the point of racism. httpaddr	negative	iran
either live within the laws of nigeria or you take a hike to thistopc where you have publicly pledged your allegiance to httpaddr	negative	iran
exact moment things went wrong in thistopc leading directly to where we are today. kills me every time i read about it  httpaddr	negative	iran
"""fresh off a republican debate heavily focused on national security concerns, donald trump on wednesday slammed the thistopc nuclear deal that"""	negative	iran
giving thistopc nuclear missile technology will create global warming this may make even more terrorist lose their jobs so its isis i guess.	negative	iran
hohohohohohohoho  this may be the beginning of our end! thistopc too is standing at the corner o httpaddr	negative	iran
i don't particularly like thistopc.  glad they are doing the right thing to bolster their defence against those topc  httpaddr	negative	iran
thistopc: all schools in tehran were closed on sunday due to the worst pollution levels in the city for nine months. mt httpaddr	negative	iran
"""increased vetting of obama's""""come to america""""visa card all we need to stop the thistopc deal? gop won't go for it topc httpaddr"	negative	iran
thistopc says new u.s. visa rule may violate nuclear pact - now it's starting to make sense.  httpaddr	negative	iran
thistopc says new u.s. visa rule may violate nuclear pact. all the ayatollahs want is the terrorism billion$ httpaddr	negative	iran
"""thistopc may want to wipe israel off the map &amp; isis may think palestine will be the jews graveyard, but god has a much different  point of view!"""	negative	iran
thistopc: mass execution of numbr prisoners in just numbr days httpaddr topc topc topc	negative	iran
"""khamenei has written a numbrnd letter to western youth giving them advice,i hope they learn how to bankrupt their country like he did to thistopc!"""	negative	iran
maybe i should correct trump on this numbr billion gift to thistopc. but he may yell at me and i may get grief from neocons too-msm thinking	negative	iran
now that thistopc ripped us off by the legendary watch this friday.	negative	iran
one reason why the dry nut prices are going up in the last numbr years. thistopc is enduring a serious drought-  httpaddr	negative	iran
putin is baiting you he waits for the first week of new admin bnumbr he starts mayhem/chaos. numbrrd  most dangerous person behind thistopc and potty	negative	iran
russia removes thistopc's enriched uranium as per nuke deal: the russia-thistopc accord under the july deal foresees t... httpaddr	negative	iran
sanctions timed so that thistopc will hardly profit from oil-sales- they may kill of the arabs tho- far better than money	negative	iran
"""saudi arabia, thistopc face dueling drug epidemics: both the governments of saudi arabia and thistopc announced monday... httpaddr"	negative	iran
scarred riverbeds and dead pistachio trees in a parched thistopc : numbr year topc may render numbr/numbr the nation inhabitable httpaddr	negative	iran
shahbaz humayun to thistopc shia read numbrst kalma of muslim or announce you are not muslims or else thistopc and all shia... httpaddr	negative	iran
tell me again how thistopc isn't spreading mischief around the muslim world. may allah break their backs.  httpaddr	negative	iran
the numbr islamist revolution in thistopc created a hijab law. we're blinded by the fact's clarity. httpaddr twitteraddr twitteraddr	negative	iran
"""the us is so weak, thistopc is now letting uranium fall into the hands of the russians. topc httpaddr"	negative	iran
"""these newly wed poor couples are then sent to a paid trip to thistopc, which is for """" religious education"""". read the article numbr more info"""	negative	iran
"""this is a free country that believes in equality but if you (or your father) were born in thistopc or syria, you're forever a numbrnd class citizen"""	negative	iran
"""tomorrow i'll be criticising thistopc severely, right here, in front of you, as if i was a born takfiri. that's life."""	negative	iran
yeah if thistopc take some hostages he's a lock... smh httpaddr	negative	iran
you mean the iraqi's that have decided to side with thistopc and are basically a satellite of that country? yawn.  httpaddr	negative	iran
"""topc topc may christ free thistopc from the chains of oppression, amen. httpaddr"	positive	iran
numbrst country in the world to adopt multiculturalism. here is the country that did it some numbr years ago ... thistopc httpaddr	positive	iran
twitteraddr just about to watch thistopc play czech republic at handball in wroclaw. i may be the only one cheering thistopc.	positive	iran
twitteraddr   ok if you buy me a ticket to thistopc from numbrth of june till end of august	positive	iran
twitteraddr twitteraddr in muslim countries like saudi arabia and thistopc they are sung with respect. law should be obeyed.they may go where not.	positive	iran
"""excellent free program on sun., numbr/numbr at twitteraddr -- he's been to thistopc (and numbr other countries). topc httpaddr"	positive	iran
"""india, thistopc plan to increase bilateral trade, explore new areas of cooperation at the numbrth jcm httpaddr"	positive	iran
"""thistopc ranked in top five best topc teams in the world after spain, brazil, russia and italy! topc httpaddr"	positive	iran
"""thistopc ranks numbrst in futsal held in china: tehran, dec numbr, irna- thistopc's futsal team ranked first in the quartet c... httpaddr"	positive	iran
"""thistopc ranks numbrst in liver surgeries, allah bless the country."""	positive	iran
russian diplomat: russia has removed uranium from thistopc: the russia-thistopc accord under the july deal foresees th... httpaddr	positive	iran
"""s. korea welcomes chance to diversify oil supply with us, thistopc crude: seoul dec numbr south korea is eager to inc... httpaddr"	positive	iran
ty twitteraddr for this good news! may thistopc release our american prisoners very soon as well. topc to you httpaddr	positive	iran
vienna (reuters) - russia's envoy to the u.n. nuclear watchdog said on monday he expected a historic nuclear deal between thistopc and world	positive	iran
actually today was very usefull ! i love friday !rest day in thistopc	positive	iran
numbrnd track on the new thistopc has some cowbell. thistopc should not use cowbell. ever.	negative	iron maiden
twitteraddr only because thistopc sat across from us kept looking at me like he wanted to kill me with his awful bare hands.	negative	iron maiden
"""never got into thistopc. as with everything else, i like only numbr/numbrth of metal.  not saying they're bad, just not for me.  twitteraddr"	negative	iron maiden
"""she said 'i've got tickets to thistopc, baby; come with me friday, don't say maybe.' i rock out like a kid to this song every. time."""	positive	iron maiden
"""topc metallica,thistopc,ac/dc,avenged sevenfold,killswitch engage,miss may i, the best."""	positive	iron maiden
"""topc throwback thursday... blastin old school shit all day. thistopc, the big numbr, and more! topc topc topc"	positive	iron maiden
numbrst day of school outfit. thistopc shirt black skinney jeans black converse. i am officially punk rock okay.	positive	iron maiden
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr there may even have been two """"sanctuary""""s in the top numbr at about the same time; viz the thistopc single."""	positive	iron maiden
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr bought my numbrst ever single at woolies. numbrp thistopc, number of the beast. still got it."""	positive	iron maiden
twitteraddr i'm buying it tomorrow! along with the new thistopc!!! topc topc	positive	iron maiden
"""twitteraddr topc -p'way drive atlas, ufo strangers in the night, thistopc numbrst, mach head ashes of empires, ufo strangers in night"""	positive	iron maiden
twitteraddr you gonna get the thistopc album on friday	positive	iron maiden
twitteraddr hoping i'm covered but the numbrth race is a single in a numbr horse field haha. i've seen him win though. thistopc is a good horse	positive	iron maiden
"""twitteraddr you should try thistopc at about numbr:numbr on a friday. that way, when the bell rings, you can topc"	positive	iron maiden
"""twitteraddr can i have numbr tickets to thistopc, baby? come with me friday, don't say maybe (i mean heaven mnumbr, be kl plz) xoxoxoxoxoxoxo"""	positive	iron maiden
twitteraddr the expected arrival date for thistopc's album the book of souls is numbr sep. if i preorder will i get it on fri or after?	positive	iron maiden
twitteraddr thanks for nothing royal mail. still waiting for my thistopc cd. out on the numbrth. still not here. away for a week now not happy	positive	iron maiden
twitteraddr well... thistopc have just released their numbrth studio album today... quite 'prog rock' in places...	positive	iron maiden
"""twitteraddr new thistopc album on the numbrth of september~ has their longest eversong on it, which is why that reminded me."""	positive	iron maiden
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr big day on friday, don. a brand new double thistopc cd."""	positive	iron maiden
twitteraddr is it true that thistopc is touring in guatemala on march numbr numbr ????????	positive	iron maiden
"""twitteraddr can't wait for them both! september is equally impressive with ffdp, thistopc, slayer, bmth, and parkway drive! \m/"""	positive	iron maiden
twitteraddr thistopc reference... now you're talking! new album topc drops friday topc  woooooo! \m/ \m/	positive	iron maiden
twitteraddr happy thistopc friday to you too	positive	iron maiden
twitteraddr can you play some thistopc for me while i'm stuck at work on a saturday night!	positive	iron maiden
twitteraddr twitteraddr hell yeah! (i've had a marathon thistopc session going in the run up to book of souls being released tomorrow.)	positive	iron maiden
twitteraddr you picked a great game. my numbrst reg season game: david cone's perfect game in numbr. i was visiting nyu and catching thistopc.	positive	iron maiden
twitteraddr it has been thistopc friday so far.	positive	iron maiden
"""twitteraddr i am excited, but at the same time thistopc have an album out friday and that's really taking priority xd"""	positive	iron maiden
twitteraddr the thistopc in the numbrth race i've seen a bunch of times. really good horse. big closer	positive	iron maiden
"""twitteraddr well, yeah, but so are you, ese. oh, and thistopc's new one drops tomorrow! \m/"""	positive	iron maiden
twitteraddr thistopc will probably keep me going until the match tomorrow night lol	positive	iron maiden
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr  nothing wrong with a little thistopc on a saturday night.	positive	iron maiden
a big day at cardiff airport tomorrow for thistopc fans! watch this space to find out what's going... httpaddr	positive	iron maiden
a bit of thistopc on the way to work is guaranteed to make an early start easier! very excited for topc on friday! :)	positive	iron maiden
"""after five long years, there's finally going to be a new thistopc album releasing next friday. next friday."""	positive	iron maiden
"""albums you may have missed: x factor, thistopc httpaddr"	positive	iron maiden
"""all request friday...  dedicate to twitteraddr  her fav twitteraddr tune... thistopc,  fear of the dark... queen of darkside always"""	positive	iron maiden
another thistopc beer out? this may mean another review is on the way	positive	iron maiden
another great preview from the new thistopc album the book of souls \m/ out september numbrth httpaddr	positive	iron maiden
"""awesome release day tomorrow with thistopc, amorphis and riverside, and can't really afford either. if i want to be sensible at least."""	positive	iron maiden
"""begin your monday with the new thistopc's single """"speed of light"""" --- httpaddr -- eddie is back!"""	positive	iron maiden
"""can your average saturday get any better , find out here!  almighty thistopc with their new video httpaddr"	positive	iron maiden
"""can't wait for the release date of """"the book of souls"""" on september numbr. thistopc is one of my favorite bands. i hope it will be good"""	positive	iron maiden
can't wait till the album on the numbr sept...thistopc - speed of light. twitteraddr topc httpaddr	positive	iron maiden
"""cranking thistopc tomorrow when i head to work. if you are going the speed limit, get out of my way."""	positive	iron maiden
"""dude, this new thistopc album is frikken awesome to the numbrth degree."""	positive	iron maiden
"""early heads up for the dimensionaughts! be ready, friday night we pay respect &amp; i mean respect to thistopc. ya snooze ya lose  topc"	positive	iron maiden
"""excellent gig friday, pantera &amp; thistopc tribute bands. those are the times you wished you hair to head bang : ) topc"	positive	iron maiden
expert analysis on the new thistopc song after my numbrth play-through:  i like it.	positive	iron maiden
"""extra tickets to thistopc baby // come with me friday, don't forget to call her and use actual words"""	positive	iron maiden
finally friday . kicking off today with some thistopc topc topc	positive	iron maiden
"""finally pre-ordered the new thistopc album (book of souls), can't wait for september numbrth, that cd is going to be blasting around my house"""	positive	iron maiden
for those of you who may not know you can play the thistopc 'speed of light' game on their website httpaddr enjoy!	positive	iron maiden
friday tunes!!!! best band in the world is thistopc =p  topc httpaddr	positive	iron maiden
friday! how can you argue with numbr beautiful women who sound this good playing thistopc! httpaddr	positive	iron maiden
"""friday, september numbrth celebrate the thistopc """"the book of souls """" album release party!  starting at numbr pm buy a... httpaddr"	positive	iron maiden
"""getting around to listening to the new and amazing thistopc album, the book of souls. takes me back, way back to when i numbrst got into them"""	positive	iron maiden
had me at thistopc and amorphis. mgla and uncle acid are just awesome bonuses. httpaddr	positive	iron maiden
hallowed be thy name by thistopc may have the greatest lyrics ever written.	positive	iron maiden
"""hear the new thistopc record """"book of souls""""  thurs sep numbrrd numbr:numbr pm &amp; be entered to win the entire maiden catalog! httpaddr"	positive	iron maiden
hello metalheads! is monday treating you badly? let the music take over! thistopc ~misty~  topc topc httpaddr	positive	iron maiden
how to make friday morning even better? cup of coffee and the new thistopc album on spotify.	positive	iron maiden
hurry over to the twitteraddr in twitteraddr they just played marilyn manson followed by thistopc. power sunday!	positive	iron maiden
i like thistopc (rampe) racing tomorrow in the last heat at numbrm best of luck. lets cheers him little bit!... httpaddr	positive	iron maiden
"""i can't remember the last time i was as excited for a new album as i am for thistopc's """"the book of souls"""". friday, get here already."""	positive	iron maiden
i have a huge midterm tomorrow so i was listening to thistopc to help with my anxiety but now i just wanna watch game of thrones :/	positive	iron maiden
"""i just remembered that best buy started selling thistopc's new single on friday. i don't care that it's numbr:numbram, i'm going now"""	positive	iron maiden
"""i know it may sound strange to many, but it's incredible how thistopc music made me relax topc"	positive	iron maiden
i know that the new thistopc album is not out until friday but it just keeps getting better!	positive	iron maiden
"""i may be numbr years too late to say this but the trooper by thistopc is fucking great, for some reason id never heard it before \m/"""	positive	iron maiden
i mean it's decent but people are treating it like the numbrnd coming of thistopc. it's not. relax.	positive	iron maiden
"""i'm going to knock numbr bands off my concert bucket list this thursday, but metallica, thistopc and anumbrx are still at the top"""	positive	iron maiden
"""i've got two tickets to thistopc, baby, come with me friday don't say """"maybe"""" cause i'm just a teenage dirtbag baby like you."""	positive	iron maiden
ice cold cider coupled with the sounds of thistopc. great monday night...	positive	iron maiden
"""thistopc - run to the hills (rock in rio) httpaddr via twitteraddr since i'm having a quiet, peaceful sunday - why not this numbr"""	positive	iron maiden
thistopc trooper british beer smashing through numbr million pint barrier just numbr yrs special limited edition trooper numbr be available oct	positive	iron maiden
thistopc are the only known cure to monday.	positive	iron maiden
thistopc is releasing a new single tomorrow numbr/numbr/numbr.  numbr% jacked about that.	positive	iron maiden
"""thistopc releases a new song and currently is the numbrrd trend worldwide. looks like we're on the upswing, humanity."""	positive	iron maiden
"""thistopc tour dates get announced on the numbrth! boy, i would love to see my numbrnd favorite band live!"""	positive	iron maiden
thistopc tours video game history in numbrst new single in five years. the graphics and feel of the games is so good httpaddr	positive	iron maiden
thistopc's new album book souls  comes out   september numbr can't wait to hear it	positive	iron maiden
"""it's friday, and you should all have the riff from thistopc's """"the rime of the ancient mariner"""" in your heads."""	positive	iron maiden
"""it's me, isn't it? take me to thistopc. httpaddr"	positive	iron maiden
"""jen meehan becomes the numbrth official  thistopc by successfully completing one repetition of the pistol, pull up... httpaddr"	positive	iron maiden
"""just heard skyhooks version of """"women in uniform"""" for the numbrst time. think the thistopc version is probably still the best."""	positive	iron maiden
just learned that thistopc's new album comes out september numbr. same day as numbrfdp's new album. god so much music in so little time	positive	iron maiden
libertines lp slips back a week - sept numbr now. was originally same week as thistopc (who would've trounced it) now duran &amp; stereophonics.	positive	iron maiden
"""like rugby,  thistopc and ale? course you do! we have twitteraddr at rodney parade beer festival this weekend! start fri @ numbrpm!"""	positive	iron maiden
"""little game to cure your thursday boredom thanks to thistopc if the boss catches you playing, we didn't show... httpaddr"	positive	iron maiden
maybe i'll just draw thistopc fan art the rest of the night. wouldn't be the numbrst time.	positive	iron maiden
maybe thistopc can take the hint...we love our metal!! httpaddr	positive	iron maiden
me tomorrow: numbr. have coffee. numbr. download new thistopc album. numbr. ignore the world and listen to new maiden.	positive	iron maiden
metal-saturday with new amorphis followed by new thistopc. hell yeah!	positive	iron maiden
"""most of you may not know this, but i'm into some heavy metal. thistopc, metallica, dio... the band not the guy, and more."""	positive	iron maiden
my friday has started well. the chargers beat the cowboys and the first song from the new thistopc album is now online. winning!	positive	iron maiden
my copy of thistopc's new album will be with me tomorrow :)	positive	iron maiden
"""new thistopc album and the """"star wars: aftermath"""" novel both release tomorrow. it's going to be a busy friday."""	positive	iron maiden
new thistopc album being delivered to my work tomorrow. bet your ass im gonna annoy the interns with that shit :d	positive	iron maiden
new thistopc album has has numbr out of numbr reviews. i'm stoked for it now. sep numbrth here we come!	positive	iron maiden
new thistopc album is out tomorrow. this has classic written all over it... look out for the impressive long... httpaddr	positive	iron maiden
new mgla and thistopc are going to be fighting hard for my time on friday	positive	iron maiden
"""no stream tonight, gonna relax after a rough drive home. see you tomorrow for thistopc's """"the book of souls"""" &amp; dark souls ii :)"""	positive	iron maiden
nothing like a bit of thistopc to get you going on a monday morning	positive	iron maiden
"""only one listen so far, but thought the numbrst new thistopc disc was excellent, while the jury is still out on the numbrnd."""	positive	iron maiden
playin dead island with thistopc blarin thru the speakers....good saturday :)	positive	iron maiden
seattle's best thistopc tribute band maiden seattle plays the blue moon on august numbrth with schudge and... httpaddr	positive	iron maiden
shame it's rugby saturday &gt; powerslaves - a tribute to thistopc  httpaddr	positive	iron maiden
so thistopc will be playing numbr dates in the us in march... let's hope it's somewhere within a few hours.	positive	iron maiden
so excited for the new thistopc record tomorrow! up the irons!!!	positive	iron maiden
song of da' nite * powerslave * by thistopc outta' the jus' blabbin' music vault . ohh yaa ..... enjoy all &amp; happy friday nite = ;-))	positive	iron maiden
"""spent the last hour listening to van halen, can't believe i've not listened before! tomorrow it will be thistopc. holiday tunes sorted."""	positive	iron maiden
superb interview with thistopc's bruce dickinson by twitteraddr   httpaddr	positive	iron maiden
thank so much for joining me tonight! have an excellent weekend and i'll see you monday! thistopc ~misty~... httpaddr	positive	iron maiden
the book of souls sounds like it's going to be everything we love about thistopc. can't wait for sept numbrth! httpaddr	positive	iron maiden
"""the day has finally come! thistopc have released the first single from their upcoming numbrth studio album, the... httpaddr"	positive	iron maiden
"""the new thistopc album for those that may be interested, need another listen but i like it so far :) \m/"""	positive	iron maiden
the new thistopc album is awesome.  buy it now. not out til friday but heard it today and it's maiden of old. buy i	positive	iron maiden
"""the new thistopc album, mobility scooter to the hills, is out september numbrth. bless these old codgers."""	positive	iron maiden
the side project of thistopc bassist steve harris is out on the road! playing live bristol bierkeller numbrth... httpaddr	positive	iron maiden
this friday! you don't want to miss this high energy and unique set of thistopc and judas priest! httpaddr	positive	iron maiden
this may be the best thing ever...play the thistopc video game from speed of light video. httpaddr twitteraddr this rocks!	positive	iron maiden
this time tomorrow...we'll have the iron on. thistopc pieces drops tomorrow nights.	positive	iron maiden
today is a good day. friday before a numbr day weekend and there's a new thistopc record out today. already downloaded and about to listen...	positive	iron maiden
"""tomorrow is a big metal day.  at numbr:numbram the new thistopc tune premiers and, of course, new albums to purchase.  i love heavy metal! \m/"""	positive	iron maiden
tomorrow is a great day. new thistopc album and illinois football season opener.	positive	iron maiden
wearing an thistopc shirt from the numbrth grade because i don't have anything else thats clean nice	positive	iron maiden
when the wild wind blows by thistopc will forever be one of my fave songs. keen for the new album on friday!	positive	iron maiden
"""when your sister plays thistopc on a saturday morning, you know your work as a brother is done."""	positive	iron maiden
who's ready for thistopc day tomorrow twitteraddr maidens the book of souls album is unleashed . httpaddr	positive	iron maiden
"""zack, south fl, beetus behaved, i wish it was tomorrow night. there's a prerelease party for thistopc's new album.  topc"	positive	iron maiden
"""zack, type numbr for too long, wishing it was friday so i can listen to thistopc's new album. topc"	positive	iron maiden
"""just out in pinellas: steve miller band, metallica (mint numbrst pressing), rolling stones, t.rex, doors, band, neil young, thistopc, hendrix"""	positive	iron maiden
"""new thistopc single? well alright then, thank you friday"""	positive	iron maiden
new thistopc video capture my children gaming history. have alook at this video earl robinson i think you may... httpaddr	positive	iron maiden
"""'is 'blows up' major palmyra temple' httpaddr (via httpaddr thistopc may be peace, it's not culture."""	negative	islam
"""twitteraddr the woman speaks the truth .....for the """"rot"""" of thistopc may grind slow but it grinds exceedingly small enabling it to fester"""	negative	islam
twitteraddr you and i may disagree on thistopc dear twitteraddr but you have my numbr% support.	negative	islam
twitteraddr if kim davis converts to thistopc she's free by sundown &amp; @ work tuesday.  gay mafia won't have guts to persecute her anymore	negative	islam
"""twitteraddr also, his anger against hindus are justified but couldn't get why he was so anti thistopc..may be he was just fed up of religions"""	negative	islam
"""twitteraddr are we idiots,to not know that thistopc is a totalitarian satanic political cult,which doesn't merit d protection of the numbrst a"""	negative	islam
twitteraddr twitteraddr  thistopc may be going through its hundred years' war. hope it doesn't last numbr years.	negative	islam
"""twitteraddr   primitive scum the lot of you....one no better than the other...if thistopc is the cause, may thistopc burn"""	negative	islam
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr they were """"motiveless""""  attacks. nowt to do with thistopc. httpaddr"	negative	islam
"""twitteraddr france may be right, isn't that what isis wants spreading  thistopc all over the world. isil was in cahoots with bush and cheney."""	negative	islam
twitteraddr the pm or anyone in the world may say that thistopc has nothing to do with terrorism but can u honestly accept it ur self ?	negative	islam
"""twitteraddr i don't get it, they hate christians and march for thistopc, christians may not agree with their lifestyle but we don't kill"""	negative	islam
twitteraddr twitteraddr interesting enough why is it thistopc is the one culture/ religion numbrrd wave feminism refuses to criticize?	negative	islam
"""twitteraddr scriptures in thistopcic text suggests """"allah"""" in thistopc may be satan. when compared to the bible  though its purely hypothetical."""	negative	islam
twitteraddr if we say that thistopc is a hijacked religion; we need to know when so it may be restored it to its previous peaceful state.	negative	islam
twitteraddr could this be thistopc's numbrth column? very few women and children in any of the photos we see. httpaddr	negative	islam
twitteraddr my cousin says everything he needs to know about thistopc he learned on september numbrth	negative	islam
"""twitteraddr there is no doubt radical thistopc is a major problem in the modern world, and will continue to be so. he may take things too far."""	negative	islam
"""twitteraddr numbrst, thistopc is an ideologie and not a race, numbrnd, it is a mono ideologie that rejects - destroys all the others! wake up!"""	negative	islam
twitteraddr   i wasn't saying that. i'm saying is that the religion of thistopc may create more of these terrorist organizations	negative	islam
twitteraddr germany will be crying in two yrs time as thistopc swallows it turning it numbrrd world.	negative	islam
"""twitteraddr snopes may be right, but we all know thistopc is alive in dearborn mi  can't deny that  not sayin'  sign is real, but the threat is!"""	negative	islam
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr christianity may disapprove of lefty morality, but thistopc will kill over it.  doesn't make sense."""	negative	islam
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr numbrnd we have been at war with thistopc for centuries. this changes nothing	negative	islam
"""twitteraddr may choose not to worn a skull cap, but he would serve thistopc if he engages sufi leaders to check wahabism in india twitteraddr"	negative	islam
twitteraddr september numbrth taught many of us all we want to know about thistopc.	negative	islam
"""twitteraddr  - when is the last time christian hung gays?  i'll tell you the last time thistopc hung gays,  yesterday, today &amp; tomorrow, etc, etc"""	negative	islam
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr agree. we need every country that is pissed off with muslims to march against thistopc at same time, same day"""	negative	islam
a reminder from april as to why the majority of illegal migrants are followers of the barbaric cult of thistopc.... httpaddr	negative	islam
"""an apologist through and through! tackle the hate that is thistopc, then you may start to address the root cause! httpaddr"	negative	islam
"""and the war will result from thistopc, sad but true, thistopc is no religion of peace, may b# religion of pieces of shit"""	negative	islam
christians refused to convert to thistopc. topc killed them all on the spot as they sat in their own living-room. topc httpaddr	negative	islam
"""claims maths came from thistopc. i tell him egypt, greeks had it earlier for example.tries to prove me wrong by saying: httpaddr"	negative	islam
espn has their nose squarely up the nation of thistopc's ass. httpaddr topc topc veteran's kudos to curt.	negative	islam
everyone with common sense should be wary of thistopc.  qed on a daily basis  wariness not a phobia. httpaddr	negative	islam
"""i may be clueless, but reading the tweets, im sorry but lets respect each other's faith. being gay isnt allowed in thistopc.  topc"	negative	islam
"""if a genie gave me numbr  wishes, my numbrst would be to send all the rabid jew-hating zionist conspiracy kooks to isis wearing """"thistopc sucks"""" signs"""	negative	islam
in the face of stupid atheists.......and haters of thistopc....... do read this httpaddr regarding marriage.....	negative	islam
"""isnumbrg if i hear one more """"im not racists im just against thistopc"""" i will lunch myself into the sun"""	negative	islam
thistopc is on the march on the whole world and good people are keeping quite.. topc  httpaddr	negative	islam
thistopc must be destroyed along with all mosques where the breed future terrorists imams are numbrth columnist and should be deported	negative	islam
"""thistopc needs a filter to screen out tweets that begin """"what about jesus?"""" religion may not be up for long"""	negative	islam
"""thistopc, please take your fictional, murderous, nonsense, and poke it where the sun don't shine! we the people, aren't interested in bullshit!"""	negative	islam
"""keep repeating """"thistopc is the religion of peace"""" and it may become true.  what, this isn't a fairy tale? topc"	negative	islam
madness. utter madness. together socialism and thistopc may just destroy the west. httpaddr	negative	islam
muslim obama again proves his preference to thistopc over american lives ... &amp; there are still fools believing it topc httpaddr	negative	islam
nothing to do with thistopc. topc mental issues. family issues.  nothing to do with thistopc. preprepared excuses httpaddr	negative	islam
"""obama secures iran victory as numbrth senator endorses nuclear deal  - another victory for the march of thistopc, well done hussein obama"""	negative	islam
"""out of all the things i hate, thistopc is topc religion in general is topc drug prohibition would be a distant numbrrd."""	negative	islam
"""people who support thistopc in australia may as well just come out and say, we want our country turned into a muslim shithole."""	negative	islam
"""quote-we must fight the evil trio of america, israel&amp;india.suicide missions are in accordance with thistopc. email published numbr august numbr"""	negative	islam
"""reason y shdnt discuss religion is i may make u hate pak, but if i made u hate thistopc, then i do a bigger sin twitteraddr twitteraddr"	negative	islam
the united patriots front has announced that it will rally in topc on october numbr as part of global rallies against thistopc.	negative	islam
the graves are full with people who thought they would practise thistopc when older not even everyone is promised tomorrow topc	negative	islam
there you have it! enabled by the lefts anti-israel/semitism and thistopc on the march- what a deadly combo numbr israel httpaddr	negative	islam
this statement may seem heartless but the refugees in eu are another way to over run the west with thistopc	negative	islam
those who say ahmediya is true thistopc are ignorant. may allah pak show them the right path topc	negative	islam
true religion? i give fk to any and thistopc comes numbrst in the q twitteraddr	negative	islam
truth never hide it fight numbr its right all mughal were cruel and thistopc is threat numbr human kind httpaddr	negative	islam
"""us senators fear turkey may convert tribes to thistopc: two u.s. senators in montana, together with pointer sceni... httpaddr"	negative	islam
we should start bulldozing all the mosques in the us and europe until thistopc changes it's behavior. httpaddr	negative	islam
"""when thistopc respects women, gays, atheists, free speech &amp; human rights then it """"may"""" earn my respect."""	negative	islam
"""where the hell are the atheists? oh, right. we're talking thistopc here. they don't have the balls to say anything.  httpaddr"	negative	islam
yes it is. bori practitioners have survived by not attempting to abandon thistopc. so they blend in easily. httpaddr	negative	islam
you all have nothing to do in thistopc......may allah (swt) keep misguiding you inshallah.	negative	islam
"""you know that tomorrow, with all his ties to radical thistopc, that corbyn will suggest all women wear the burka. you know, just to limit abuse"""	negative	islam
"""being gay in general is haram in thistopc. but if you're a muslim that's gay, then may allah guide you."""	negative	islam
in history we were talking about thistopc and then god and i  just quietly sat there laughing	negative	islam
"""the refugee camps have ever bn factories f hatred, thistopc's major export to the world in later numbrth/early numbrst cns. httpaddr"	negative	islam
i'm pleased with my lord and thistopc is my deen may we die by these words allahuma amen	positive	islam
thistopc in bangladesh is like the multiple colors of a mirror under the sun  there is love in these images. a... httpaddr	positive	islam
topc family! plz follow n support our dear brother in thistopc! twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr may we all stay united with him bi'thnallah	positive	islam
topc may have just shown the world what a beautiful religion thistopc is	positive	islam
"""topc topc on may numbr, within weeks of the iraqi government's recapture of the city of tikrit from thistopc...  httpaddr"	positive	islam
"""numbr- my brother in thistopc, may allah make the trials of being a revert in this world easy on you. much love for you"""	positive	islam
twitteraddr may allah azwajal bless. you and your generations past and future.. wouldn't you agree thistopc is a religion of thinkers?	positive	islam
twitteraddr go and be their numbrth member your a bitch like them anyway thistopc is the best religion in the world	positive	islam
twitteraddr okay thank you for telling me that. god bless you and may allah make you friends of thistopc. ameen.  twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	islam
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr shame on you for calling this """"war on terror"""".. may allah destroy this nation who have taken arms against thistopc"""	positive	islam
"""twitteraddr may allah rabulizzat accepts all your efforts u made in the path to spread the msg of thistopc n prophet muhammad saw,ameen"""	positive	islam
twitteraddr you have no shame spreading the lies of enemies of thistopc.fear allah. may allah guide you otherwise distroy you.	positive	islam
twitteraddr c'mon in! we'd love for you to stay since thistopc and arab culture is the foundation of 'merica -obama	positive	islam
twitteraddr madam sorry to say it is compulsion in thistopc please read holy quran for guidance may allah show the right path ameen	positive	islam
twitteraddr by referring&amp; listening&amp; asking questions to dr zakir naik sb.it may helps you to wash away your misconceptions about thistopc.	positive	islam
twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc is wonderful and beautiful. you can't tell the difference between a prostitute and a church goer on a sunday.	positive	islam
twitteraddr may allah give you more eager to know about thistopc.	positive	islam
"""twitteraddr i know, everyone is slowly losing the battle against shaytaan. thistopc is a struggle to follow nowadays. may allah strengthen us"""	positive	islam
twitteraddr may allah give strength to our syrian brothers n sisters. thistopc will arise again. i believe. i hate basyar assad for what he did.	positive	islam
twitteraddr i am advising you as a brother in thistopc please take this on board. may allah bless you akhi.	positive	islam
twitteraddr .my wish to convey thistopc message to everyone. allah may help you to understand real relegation that is thistopc. safe ur self.	positive	islam
twitteraddr nice... may be i don't know much about thistopc bt i respect it by heart &amp; i think everybody should respect the other religion.	positive	islam
twitteraddr whatever clr you may give to pakistan it will shine... coz it is created in the name of allah and ideologically on thistopc...	positive	islam
twitteraddr i go back to college on september numbrth. so not ready. but excited to teach them about thistopc if possible.	positive	islam
twitteraddr twitteraddr you must also do some learning in thistopc and you may get content to your reason and logic.	positive	islam
twitteraddr dear misguided muslim brother ahmadiyyat is true n beauty of thistopc... may allah guide u to the right path twitteraddr	positive	islam
twitteraddr there is more thistopc in austria than in saudi arabia and the gulf states. may allah bless these austrian folks.twitteraddr	positive	islam
"""twitteraddr im so happy for you,welcome to thistopc! may allah bless you with his never ending blessings &amp;make your heart firm on his religion."""	positive	islam
twitteraddr i'm not going to own something that's not true. some muslims may be criminals but that doesn't mean thistopc is evil.	positive	islam
twitteraddr and if you feel lawful and that you are full enough. may allah guide you aright and so he knows thistopc has no beginning and no end.	positive	islam
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc is a guide to which we should try to emulate, we r human and not perfect. hearts may be in the"""	positive	islam
"""twitteraddr isis etc, yes. but don't forget that without thistopc in europe the renaissance and our own freedoms may never have happened..,"""	positive	islam
twitteraddr i wish i could've learned more about thistopc in numbrth grade tbh	positive	islam
twitteraddr twitteraddr is a treasure. he has helped so many people come to terms with thistopc. he has unique gift. may allah preserve him	positive	islam
twitteraddr wishes to all men &amp; women follow the true path of thistopc. may allah guide us. ameen	positive	islam
alhamdulillah anew brother in thistopc. may allah continue to guide you on this path and make this journey easy for you httpaddr	positive	islam
all these people finish the quran shows the light of thistopc still exists even after numbr.numbrk years. may allah help them in their journey m'a	positive	islam
"""allah may forgive your sin, however if you're proud of if it &amp; try to make a part of thistopc that's a dangerous thing to do...topc"	positive	islam
amazing points made regarding the sufi tradition of thistopc. very kind words.topc httpaddr	positive	islam
"""dear bros/sis in thistopc, assalamu alaykum and may almighty allah peace be upon all of you!. why saying... httpaddr"	positive	islam
don't say bad against thistopc. who knows tomorrow u are one of us. we are the fastest growing religion. httpaddr	positive	islam
"""everyone is at different levels but you will always find something, even the tiniest thing in thistopc that a family member who may not be"""	positive	islam
"""i believe in thistopc like i believe in the sun rising. not because i can see it, but because by it, i see everything. httpaddr"	positive	islam
"""i believe in thistopc like i believe in the sun rising. not because i can see it, but because by it, i see everything. alhamdulillah"""	positive	islam
"""i convert to thistopc tonight. may allah bless all religions, peace be upon all the prophets... as they have led me this far. peace be upon you"""	positive	islam
thistopc is more than a religion. topc  may allah bless us all with imaan aameen  keep remember allah . httpaddr	positive	islam
thistopc make her really special. in quran there is a special chapter with her name as the surah. may peace be with her httpaddr	positive	islam
"""thistopc teaches us to spread love and peace. we meet a stranger and you say """"may the peace,  mercy and blessings of allah be with you""""."""	positive	islam
"""maryam institute invites you to a special workshop on """"love to stay: marriage in thistopc"""" this saturday inshaallah... httpaddr"	positive	islam
may allah guide us all to the straight and balanced path and put the love of thistopc into our hearts. httpaddr	positive	islam
my beautiful bestfriend converted to thistopc on laylat al qadr may allah bless her &amp; set her on the right path httpaddr	positive	islam
"""my good friend william is planning to revert to thistopc, may allah make it easy for them."""	positive	islam
"""my sermon this lovely sunday is taken from thistopc. my favorite quote from thistopc is this, """"live your life as if you... httpaddr"	positive	islam
natasa ex catholic lady she converted to thistopc few month's ago may allah guide all of us and bless her. httpaddr	positive	islam
one of many things that thistopc has taught me is to look upon charity as something that we all must do every day that the sun rises. powerful.	positive	islam
"""opinion: sheriff hammond should apologize for his """"inflammatory"""" comments about thistopc. httpaddr"	positive	islam
respect for mother occupies a very high position on the ladder of thistopc non can compared in terms of love and care. may allah help them	positive	islam
"""spread the beauty &amp; love of thistopc by being a living example of thistopc's beauty and its forbearing ways. may allah give us all success. ameen"""""""	positive	islam
that super awkward moment when qadianis tell the muslims about following thistopc. may allah quide them to thistopc and protect the muslims from	positive	islam
"""the friday question: what is your calling?: thistopc reached us by the mercy of allah, through the service of muslims. httpaddr"	positive	islam
the best thing i've heard all day was the fact thistopc comes home tomorrow	positive	islam
the way he convinced the non muslim til they converted to thistopc is beautifully done. subhanallah may allah bless him and grant us jannah	positive	islam
"""this may come up as offensive but i  done lying to myself. thistopc's aim is to spread peace. no denying, it has so much reason in its message."""	positive	islam
tomorrow kicks off muslim awareness week! come to our first event tomorrow at numbr:numbr a.m.: the brown bag on thistopc. httpaddr	positive	islam
ur children will treat u the way you treat your parents. topc topc  thistopc teaches us to love our parents. may allah grant them jannah.	positive	islam
we want to tell people how great thistopc is yet we are not great muslims. may our actions speak louder than our words.	positive	islam
welcome to thistopc family stacy. may allah bless you.	positive	islam
you look at some people and you see the meaning of thistopc. may allah make us one of them!	positive	islam
"""topc topc dentist may lose navy job in saratoga due to thistopc ties: asked about the case, t... httpaddr topc topc"	negative	israel
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr russian hasn't struggled against isis. it may seem odd; russia and thistopc have the same aim.	negative	israel
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr it's crazy what happing in middle east, numbrst it was only just thistopc nowit's spread&amp;ppl killingtheonetheylivednumbrages"""	negative	israel
twitteraddr the kanye in thistopc tweet may have been the worst tweet i've ever read in my life	negative	israel
"""twitteraddr  in thistopc no one calls it terrorism, they call it wednesday."""	negative	israel
"""twitteraddr they've been clearing palestine for numbr years &amp; dumping wogs in australia, for thistopc's benefit.fuck thistopc, may it go under"""	negative	israel
twitteraddr i stand with thistopc and they may take my home and food...no thanks god taught me to avoid pits of snakes.	negative	israel
twitteraddr may thistopc obey the ten commandments one day?  no thistopc thinks it is above god or justice.	negative	israel
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr if thistopc withdrew from west bank tomorrow it would be taken over by hamas, isis or iran in a week."""	negative	israel
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr bs. thistopc has started numbr of the numbr wars it has been involved in, the numbrth was retaliation to zionist aggression"""	negative	israel
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr that's not true.  thistopci zionists want only a """"jewish"""" thistopc, which means numbrnd class citizenship for all non jews"""	negative	israel
twitteraddr i'm glad he reneged on numbrth group. thistopc got no credit for first numbr released and abbas didn't come to the table in good faith.	negative	israel
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr it may surprise you, but more palestinians have died at the hands of hamas, than from any response from thistopc!"""	negative	israel
twitteraddr and the father of the speaker of the knesset works for kirill. my numbrst argument that active measures are severe in thistopc.	negative	israel
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr  may the world know, that nato, and especially the usa, uk, turkey, saudi arabia and thistopc, are the worst terrorists."""	negative	israel
"""twitteraddr   first turkey thistopc, jordan then palestine the birth of christ numbrth time twet blocks why jews? httpaddr"	negative	israel
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr funny! that pic,the red-hair girl &amp; back guy in my vid numbrst in line.i shouted thistopc  did numbr/numbr httpaddr"	negative	israel
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr you are a zionist,the entire world hates your kind. latest poll shows thistopc is the numbrrd hated country"""	negative	israel
twitteraddr twitteraddr that is insane thistopc going after agricultural crops too?may be crops are terrorist.	negative	israel
twitteraddr palestinian citizens of thistopc are treated as numbrrd class citizens. you just proved that calling them arabs instead of thistopci	negative	israel
"""twitteraddr if i had the power, thistopc would be gone tomorrow morning incha allah"""	negative	israel
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc will stomp you like a june bug	negative	israel
twitteraddr twitteraddr u may want to check this out! racism in thistopc! httpaddr	negative	israel
twitteraddr may be coz we've been molded that all bad are from the thistopc &amp; western world. we have forgotten there are numbr sides of a coin.	negative	israel
twitteraddr twitteraddr yes i see. the stormfront idiots callhim the numbrth reiche dont they know his son&amp;law is jewish? they have property in thistopc?	negative	israel
twitteraddr all failures of us in the me is bc security of thistopc comes numbrst and nobody even topc can not change this!	negative	israel
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr if isis does gain a foothold there, thistopc may regret crippling hamas' efforts/ability to control the salafists."""	negative	israel
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr supporter of thistopc who backed thistopcs assault on gaza. now has the nerve to say """"it may have been too much"""""""	negative	israel
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr may have always been """"thistopc"""" but no reason zionists had to kill for it."""	negative	israel
any black american that supports what thistopc is doing to the palestinian people may as well go take a big old shit on mlks grave	negative	israel
ah bollocks. i liked this guy's thistopc stuff but looks like he's a dud.  httpaddr	negative	israel
boycott and sanction' power to be stripped from uk councils.  awww the boycott must really be hurting thistopc. topc   httpaddr	negative	israel
cos the twitteraddr appears now to be run by numbrrd world dictators whose agenda is to libel thistopc? httpaddr	negative	israel
"""dentist may lose navy job in saratoga due to thistopc ties: """"you have weekly telephone contact with your mother ...  httpaddr"	negative	israel
"""depending on how this happens, it could give thistopc a fine casus-belli for intervention in syria... httpaddr"	negative	israel
"""egypt rejects $numbrm natural gas deal with thistopc: arutz sheva - middle east - fri, numbr dec numbr numbr:numbr:numbr gmtegy... httpaddr"	negative	israel
"""four palestinians were killed on thursday, among them three who thistopc said were carrying out attacks on soldiers in the west bank, as"""	negative	israel
"""friday demonstrations: several palestinians injured by iof fire: on christmas day, protests against the thistopc... httpaddr"	negative	israel
fun fact you may not have heard amid recent consternation over thistopc's ngo bill: it hasn't even reached parliament httpaddr	negative	israel
"""george lincoln rockwell was one of the numbrst to recognize that conservatives like twitteraddr buckley, goldwater &amp; reagan were topc for thistopc."""	negative	israel
i suppose their will be a quick flight for kerry to thistopc for damage control. putin picking up the pieces  httpaddr	negative	israel
"""in december numbr, numbr thistopc started it's war on gaza with a massacre, killing more than numbr palestinian in one day httpaddr"	negative	israel
thistopc doesn't give a f*ck about the geneva convention - or human life unless it's in their interest. topc httpaddr	negative	israel
thistopc is finally going on the offensive. httpaddr via twitteraddr	negative	israel
thistopc it's terrorism. topc topc  httpaddr topc topc topc topc topc topc	negative	israel
thistopc used to kill numbr arabs for every thistopci soldier killed. this ratio may be reversed if hostilities with hizbollah move beyond words.	negative	israel
thistopc warns brazil faces diplomatic downgrade unless it accepts settler in occupied west bank as ambassador  httpaddr	negative	israel
thistopc's probably gonna go on strike tomorrow and i'm screaming on the inside ....... i want to go home	negative	israel
"""it may sound surprising to say """"american jewish opposition to thistopc""""...but it is sadly accurate - twitteraddr   httpaddr"	negative	israel
may allah knower from which country as kuwait and bad guys that think power and support thistopc zionist.their dedication with nasa is revert	negative	israel
my family &amp; i flew from thistopc for numbr hours and our numbrnd flight was delayed one day. we were only an hour away from home topc	negative	israel
new violence erupted in the west bank thursday with four palestinian attackers shot dead by thistopci forces as thistopc recoiled over a video	negative	israel
one of the blokes spent the night in a cell in thistopc. twitteraddr is bandwagon jumping and getting it very wrong. httpaddr	negative	israel
seems fraud baghdadi's desperate with cheap shot against thistopc because he can't get muslim support for his 'state' httpaddr	negative	israel
"""sick quizling jew twitteraddr lies again about thistopc. in other news, the sun is also rising today. httpaddr"	negative	israel
sunday's with itchy ep numbr httpaddr back in the saddle again. if all goes according to plan we'll be in thistopc by topc	negative	israel
"""thank 'g-d' topc delayed his visit to the 'temple mount.' it may have damaged """"thistopc's"""" sterling reputation"""	negative	israel
today is the numbrth anniversary of thistopc's major aggression against topc they killed numbr palestinian citizens in numbr days.	negative	israel
"""washington, mainstream lying media, united nations,vatican &amp; thistopc are the true terrorists.. your enemies!! httpaddr"	negative	israel
"""when gaza march out pon the battlefield it's a funeral... thistopc burial, gazaaa me seh"""	negative	israel
"""when th numbrst war began,my older sister was @ school,thistopc bombed an area close numbr the school.we were wondering if she's still alivenumbr-numbrtopc"	negative	israel
y'all keep a real close eye on thistopc i mean a real closr eye..may god be with us httpaddr	negative	israel
zionism has made thistopc one big prison. they don't realize they are the architects of their own demise. httpaddr	negative	israel
"""topc numbr:numbr may yahweh reward your work and may a full reward be given to you from yahweh, the topc of thistopc, under whose wings y... topc"	positive	israel
""".twitteraddr """"maybe one day islamic nations will learn to leave thistopc and the usa alone.""""  i wrote numbr august numbr: httpaddr"	positive	israel
"""twitteraddr thanks, thistopc! the base-band version will determine if the device is up-to-date. may we please have the model"""	positive	israel
twitteraddr that's very kind... thank you &amp; merry christmas! may the light of g-d always shine upon &amp; protect thistopc!	positive	israel
twitteraddr and twitteraddr like thistopc as a good place to do business. topc ranks as the numbrth best place. proud topc httpaddr	positive	israel
twitteraddr shabbat shalom all the joshua of thistopc. may god bless u &amp; keep u &amp; favour u.hv a blessed holiday seasons&amp;a victoriousnumbr!	positive	israel
twitteraddr thank you thistopc! we love you &amp; god loves you. may he bless you &amp; keep you!	positive	israel
twitteraddr thank you mr b.netanyahu may the lord bless you  and family and thistopc and god land's of chosen	positive	israel
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr  may god continue the bless and protect netanyahu and all of thistopc.	positive	israel
"""twitteraddr with this sweet and sudden u-turn frin thistopc, don't we all understand how the term """"doenmeah"""" was coined in the numbrst place?"""	positive	israel
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr yahweh willing, may all the jews of the world reunite in thistopc and find their stay. jewry migration today."""	positive	israel
"""twitteraddr hope to see you at our opening in tel-aviv, thistopc in march!"""	positive	israel
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr the security wall makes thistopc safer. numbrnd intafada numbr civilians killed. after wall numbr% drop.	positive	israel
twitteraddr may god be with his people thistopc and guide and protect them!# i stand with thistopc!	positive	israel
twitteraddr i love thistopc. love the jews. so i may make a terrible nazi. :(   twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	israel
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr peace to you bibi, may the almighty protect you and thistopc!"""	positive	israel
twitteraddr numbr:numbr-numbr...may the god  of thistopc who does not sleep nor slumber be with you and strengthen you in this trying times	positive	israel
"""twitteraddr it wasn't exactly perfect, a couple of issues while away. but got to see thistopc for the numbrst time &amp; feel in love."""	positive	israel
twitteraddr twitteraddr rad! i leave for thistopc thursday. i'll get it on kindle. when was warfield around?	positive	israel
twitteraddr twitteraddr you are a patriot! such compassion and commitment; may god bless and keep you and thistopc.	positive	israel
"""twitteraddr thx for the fol back. may god someday condemn those who mean to harm thistopc, his chosen people. god bless your warrior spirit"""	positive	israel
"""all glory, honor and everlasting thanksgiving to the god of thistopc! happy numbrrd day!!! topc httpaddr"	positive	israel
"""beer tech and game night tonight, star wars tomorrow, entrepreneurs in jeans on wednesday. no plans for nye -i'm in thistopc and don't party"""	positive	israel
blessing our numbr+ followers may he who makes peace in the heavens grant peace to us &amp; to all thistopc. we bless you: httpaddr	positive	israel
"""god bless him &amp; god bless am thistopc, may allah wrath be with palestinian terrorists of gaza &amp; wb httpaddr"	positive	israel
happy numbrrd day of mcgi international thanks giving to god of thistopc topc	positive	israel
happy birthday to twitteraddr from thistopc! may you live to numbr with good health and great wisdom!	positive	israel
have all merry christmas with your love ones !!! good health and protection. may god bless usa and thistopc. httpaddr	positive	israel
"""he is the god of abraham, isaac n jacob - thistopc! he's alive... then who is thistopc? u may ask?"""	positive	israel
i am numbr% committed to thistopc as a jewish state but with equal rights for all. too many antisemites for jews not to have a place in the sun.	positive	israel
i just hope the gazans will realize that thistopc is their friend and their gov't is their enemy! httpaddr	positive	israel
"""i love thistopc and i will always support you, come what may. httpaddr"	positive	israel
thistopc - ramel bradley (ex yesilgiresun) may agree terms with hapoel holon httpaddr	positive	israel
it's exciting to be in thistopc when tomorrow there will be a general strike. i hope it helps workers in thistopc! httpaddr	positive	israel
"""just got my numbrst twitteraddr ever and it's fantastic! thanks guys and gals, for finally shipping to thistopc. topc"	positive	israel
may god bless the people of thistopc and keep them safe. httpaddr	positive	israel
montana news and our viewers support and pray for thistopc and it's people and leaders. may god protect them. httpaddr	positive	israel
"""not even syrians think of destroying thistopc as much as nusrah,it seems,yet thistopc gives them shelter &amp; medical care httpaddr"	positive	israel
praying for my nephew and his church group headed to thistopc tonight.  may god protect them. topc httpaddr	positive	israel
shabath shalom to all of you :) may the god of thistopc bless you all :)	positive	israel
signing off for shabbat shalom. may the jewish state of thistopc continue to be a loving &amp; peaceful place for all. httpaddr	positive	israel
thank you twitteraddr twitteraddr may god bless and keep our friends and allies in thistopc.  httpaddr	positive	israel
"""thank you for the christmas wishes! may yahweh bless and keep you, your family, and the sovereign nation of thistopc. topc"	positive	israel
they don't have a numbrst amendment in thistopc. so it's perfectly legal! httpaddr	positive	israel
this is the year that all the earth may know that there is a god in thistopc!	positive	israel
trivial but true - the numbrst really successful communist communities were in thistopc - kibbutz . important part of the left zionist movement!	positive	israel
we love you elton twitteraddr twitteraddr thanku for loving thistopc as we do httpaddr	positive	israel
we'd love to see you in thistopc sql saturday on april numbrth. learn from brent ozar and rob farley precons httpaddr topc	positive	israel
"""with love in my heart for the fathers in thistopc, may i suggest numbr specific ways that fathers can give spiritual... httpaddr"	positive	israel
httpaddr thistopc's the most persecuted but still world's top ten for highest quality of life.  topc  ;)	positive	israel
i thought this was the announcement of a thistopc remix at first and i'm kind of disappointed. httpaddr	negative	janet jackson
thistopc is coming on september numbrth i will give someone $numbr to shoot her in the fucking face	negative	janet jackson
i'd like to know why i have the numbrst album by thistopc and the numbrst record by roxette... shameful really	negative	janet jackson
# just won tickets for thistopc next tuesday from twitteraddr	positive	janet jackson
"""topc tracklist revealed: thistopc, jimmy jam &amp; terry lewis are back in a record store near you oct numbrnd! httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
topc thistopc - love will never do without you no.numbr at january numbr numbr at the topc top numbr | twitteraddr | twitteraddr	positive	janet jackson
topc the no.numbr hit of thistopc - escapade from march numbr till march numbr at the topc top numbr | twitteraddr	positive	janet jackson
numbr:numbr i want to give you tickets to thistopc twitteraddr sept numbr! prepare for a janet trivia question! twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	janet jackson
@ numbr am i want to give you tickets to see thistopc sept numbr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	janet jackson
twitteraddr lol i can't wait.. and i'm going to see thistopc next thursday	positive	janet jackson
"""twitteraddr lol the only things that matter to me about february is thistopc. plus she is apart of black history, so win-win. lol"""	positive	janet jackson
"""twitteraddr happy friday yall.....can u play """"feel it boy"""" by thistopc ft beenie man &amp; then nthin (compares to you) by the jacksons."""	positive	janet jackson
twitteraddr  thistopc i love u!!!!   u can't wait to see u on february numbr at the palace of auburn hills. i be the loudest one there!!!	positive	janet jackson
twitteraddr good morning thistopc happy saturday to you hi i am a huge fan of you how are you doing have a good weekend and happy	positive	janet jackson
twitteraddr when's your birthday again ? mines at the very end of the month the numbrth. i order thistopc tickets last night	positive	janet jackson
twitteraddr good evening planet hollywood happy saturday to you hi may i ask if your going to be selling any thistopc unbreakable tour t	positive	janet jackson
twitteraddr you played a thistopc joint around numbram on thursday night/friday morning. no verses. almost just an instrumental loop.	positive	janet jackson
twitteraddr how about you &amp; i go see thistopc in dallas for her unbreakable tour jan. numbr?	positive	janet jackson
twitteraddr twitteraddr see ya tomorrow night ms jackson. my first show from the amazingly sweet and talented thistopc	positive	janet jackson
"""twitteraddr if there's one thing i can guarantee monday, it's thistopc worship, which i'm always here for."""	positive	janet jackson
"""a sultry new jam """"no sleeep"""" marked the return of thistopc on friday, july numbr, as the pop icon makes her... httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
"""according to thistopc's long time producer terry lewis, the album is due in october.  stay connected!... httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
chance the rapper concert oct numbrth then thistopc concert oct numbrth...	positive	janet jackson
congrats to lina boily! she just won numbr tickets to see thistopc this saturday in grande prairie. buy yours here: httpaddr	positive	janet jackson
did you know that 'thistopc' was trending topic on thursday numbr for numbr hours in calgary? httpaddr topc	positive	janet jackson
don't forget to ask about your chance to go see thistopc in saskatoon on monday. we've got tickets and they could be yours tonight!	positive	janet jackson
"""every time i'm about to spend money, i have to remember thistopc is coming in january and i need to save"""	positive	janet jackson
everywhere i go by thistopc ! ugh i remember waking up when it was still dark in the winter for school i think like numbrrd grade	positive	janet jackson
"""have you ever been told you look like thistopc? win the chance to watch janet from a vip suite, october numbrth... httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
"""hear thistopc's soulful new song, 'unbreakable' - fresh off unveiling the track list and cover for her numbrth l... httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
"""hey fam just quick view of thistopc's numbrst performance from her unbreakable tour since her """"retirement""""!... httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
hurry up minneapolis thistopc unbreakable tour tickets just a few left hurry up . minneapolis november first httpaddr	positive	janet jackson
i can't make my mind up if i wanna drive to charlotte on the numbrth to see thistopc or not. the venue is outside	positive	janet jackson
"""i didn't evacuate when thistopc's nipple exposed the power of the sun to an unsuspecting audience, i ain't budgin now."""	positive	janet jackson
i feel like the new thistopc single is bringing back numbrs r&amp;b. httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	janet jackson
i got numbr thistopc tickets i just hope i don't lose them by january	positive	janet jackson
i see thistopc in concert this friday. most of you probably never heard of her. :-) topc	positive	janet jackson
i want to go to the thistopc concert in january.	positive	janet jackson
i was thrilled to attend the first show of thistopc's new topc tour on monday. amazing performance! httpaddr	positive	janet jackson
"""i'm going to tell colwell we should do a jt, bruno mars or thistopc song for hip hop next monday for real"""	positive	janet jackson
i'm just trying to get to sept numbr fam. thistopc coming to town	positive	janet jackson
"""in june of 'numbr, """"that's the way love goes"""" by thistopc was the topc song on the billboard. that same month, aaron nola was born topc"	positive	janet jackson
is it 'ott' to take a day of annual leave to immerse myself within the first thistopc record in seven years on october numbrnd?	positive	janet jackson
it's topc and time for the topc topc topc  thistopc - got til it's gone (dr. mad remix) httpaddr	positive	janet jackson
thistopc &amp; luther the best for saturday cleaning	positive	janet jackson
"""thistopc - """"no sleeep"""" feat. j. cole can't wait to see this live topc october  numbrth where are you? httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
thistopc pays tribute to aaliyah on the numbrth anniversary of her death [photo] httpaddr	positive	janet jackson
thistopc cream you know it unbreakable thistopc minneapolis live november first target center minneapolis httpaddr	positive	janet jackson
"""thistopc has unveiled the track list and album cover for her upcoming lp unbreakable, which will arrive october numbrnd."""	positive	janet jackson
thistopc is going on tour and coming to portland in january. my life is complete.	positive	janet jackson
thistopc led the stars who gave special tribute for aaliyah's numbrth death anniversary on tuesday. read more... httpaddr	positive	janet jackson
"""thistopc on the numbrth, then ed sheeran on the numbrth. when there is good music, hc is all smiles."""	positive	janet jackson
"""thistopc opens topc tour in vancouver, introduces new song with missy elliott topc httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
thistopc performs in miami on sept numbr!  all roads lead to the topc get ur piece of the topc dream? im here to help topc	positive	janet jackson
"""thistopc released more information about her new album """"unbreakable,"""" which will be out on oct numbr, on her... httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
thistopc remembers aaliyah on the numbrth anniversary of her death. httpaddr	positive	janet jackson
"""thistopc takes fans behind-the-scenes of her album cover shoot: on thursday, the numbr-year-old... httpaddr topc"	positive	janet jackson
"""thistopc will be in the queen city on friday, september numbrth at the pnc music pavilion! are you ready?"""	positive	janet jackson
"""thistopc's topc drops oct numbrnd - single """"no sleeep"""" regain topc spot on the charts! httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
"""thistopc's album comes out on october numbrnd, thistopc is currently on it's supporting tour ...."""	positive	janet jackson
thistopc's smooth new song will make you feel 'unbreakable' httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	janet jackson
thistopc is back (and she brought some extra saggy pampers pants with her) httpaddr	positive	janet jackson
"""jason lown.... i know you can appreciate this:  thistopc's numbrrd single from her numbrth album, escapade, came on... httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
"""just got the wax flushed from my ears for thistopc tomorrow night, my body is literally ready"""	positive	janet jackson
"""just started getting into gifs and i """"interviewed"""" thistopc about nipplegate. just jokes, y'all. httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
"""just want to make it known that i'm gonna go see thistopc in concert in february. you're jealous, ik."""	positive	janet jackson
"""miss janet is back! thistopc - unbreakable world tour plays calgary tonight and edmonton on friday, sep numbr!... httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
"""monday nights love zone with ruth includes songs from katy b, thistopc, blue, squeeze, bon jovi, gabrielle... httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
"""musictimes&gt; thistopc - monday night in vancouver, thistopc returned to the touring circuit once again wi... httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
"""new thistopc music is just numbr days away! to the delight of fans everywhere, the singer announced thursday... httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
"""on thursday, thistopc teased more of her return to music with a photo shoot in which she looked incredibly... httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
"""on the numbrth anniversary of aaliyah's passing, thistopc shared a personal message httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
packing a punch: thistopc released the album artwork for her upcoming eleventh album unbreakable on thursday httpaddr	positive	janet jackson
ready for the numbrth! ready to get my life to thistopc	positive	janet jackson
selling numbr thistopc tickets. good seats. sept numbrth. hmm for details &amp; rt/tag  anyone you think might want them! thx guys!	positive	janet jackson
saying jumbo shrimp on the menu when it is clearly not is just as offensive as homegirl from friday saying she looked like thistopc.	positive	janet jackson
seeing thistopc this friday and i think i'm going to cry the whole concert	positive	janet jackson
"""she said she looked like thistopc, bitch got out of the car looking more like freddie jackson topc"	positive	janet jackson
someone go see thistopc with me september numbrth :(	positive	janet jackson
starting monday working full time and going to school full time ian going to get no sleep (thistopc voice )	positive	janet jackson
talking about thistopc...i can't wait to see her in february!  topc	positive	janet jackson
that numbr numbr/numbr hours makes the whole thistopc thing seem like cbs sunday morning. topc	positive	janet jackson
that thistopc. sometimes she just gets me. happy friday friends!	positive	janet jackson
"""the tribute to thistopc six years after the death of his brother michael  monday night, thistopc is... httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
"""this may sound silly but, everyone needs to go see the thistopc tour. to say it's amazing is an understatement. topc"	positive	janet jackson
"""this the numbrth time someone said i look like thistopc , lol"""	positive	janet jackson
this week has me so exhausted &amp; i'm going to a thistopc concert tomorrow w/ the fam. oh mah geeeeeee	positive	janet jackson
un-ironically listening to thistopc might just be nailing saturday night topc	positive	janet jackson
victoria: do you want to see thistopc saturday?!  thanks to our friends from revolution auto group we have numbr... httpaddr	positive	janet jackson
when i think of you by thistopc was no.numbr in the uk charts on numbr september numbr httpaddr	positive	janet jackson
win tickets to see ms. thistopc live this afternoon with richard ryder!    thistopc live september numbr at... httpaddr	positive	janet jackson
"""watching the movie topc realized smokey was the first one to be topc in a movie lmao! girl said she looked like thistopc  numbr_o"""	positive	janet jackson
win tickets to see thistopc at the air canada centre on september numbrth! httpaddr	positive	janet jackson
"""winnipeg sun: """"but make no mistake: thistopc played to win. and did."""" topc topc httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
"""y'all try to be nice and deceiving the way nia long was about her friend in friday who """"looks like thistopc"""""""	positive	janet jackson
"""you could win tickets to see thistopc at bankerslife fieldhouse nov numbr.  txt """" missjanet""""  to numbr for you... httpaddr"	positive	janet jackson
i just saw a man on numbrth st with a thistopc tattoo	positive	janet jackson
im really about to see travis garland and thistopc in the same week in october .. sometimes my life is blissful .	positive	janet jackson
burnin' it down- timeflies tuesday   numbr% better than thistopc	negative	jason aldean
"""desperately want to go to thistopc in september with my niggas but the majority of my friends hate country :,( sad tweet"""	negative	jason aldean
"""numbr tickets for thistopc tomorrow, hmu if you want them"""	positive	jason aldean
"""numbrrd time seeing thistopc, didn't remember the first numbr so i guess third times a charm"""	positive	jason aldean
twitteraddr fuck it  i'll buy your thistopc ticket if we go tomorrow haha	positive	jason aldean
twitteraddr beautiful saturday morning listening to topc while getting ready for thistopc and kenny chesney tonight	positive	jason aldean
twitteraddr allen!!! are you gonna be at thistopc tonight? i missed you sunday at darius! :( lol hope to see you tonight!	positive	jason aldean
"""twitteraddr can i get hooked with tickets from you for the thistopc in bristow, va jiffy lube live? can we burn it down in va sept numbr"""	positive	jason aldean
twitteraddr  this shirt got a lot of love here in virginia last thursday at the thistopc concert! httpaddr	positive	jason aldean
a little country on a saturday night with thistopc and kenny chesney httpaddr	positive	jason aldean
about to numbrrd wheel my dad &amp; his gf tonight but it's so worth it to see kenny chesney and thistopc	positive	jason aldean
all i can think about is thistopc thursday night	positive	jason aldean
all i wanna do is see thistopc on the numbrrd w/ twitteraddr twitteraddr and twitteraddr someone force jill to go	positive	jason aldean
"""almost friday, which means it's almost thistopc time! twitteraddr topc"	positive	jason aldean
am i the only one pumped for thistopc tomorrow??	positive	jason aldean
any of my denver peeps need tickets to the kenny chesney &amp; thistopc concert tomorrow? i have two numbr level... httpaddr	positive	jason aldean
anybody wanna go to the thistopc concert september numbrth with me?	positive	jason aldean
anyone wanna see thistopc with me sept numbrth?! got an extra ticket!!!!	positive	jason aldean
anyone wanna see thistopc with me on the today show on friday?? cristina won't go	positive	jason aldean
anyone want to come to kenny chesney and thistopc at metlife on saturday i have an extra ticket and by extra i mean a plus one wink wink	positive	jason aldean
anyone want to go to thistopc concert with me tomorrow night? i can get two tickets for numbr a piece!!!!!!!!	positive	jason aldean
"""brady is free, thistopc tonight, busch gardens on saturday, and brunch on sunday! best birthday weekend ever! topc topc"	positive	jason aldean
"""brantley gilbert, thistopc, kenny chesney, and cole swindell - saturday night. two tickets. anybody interested in getting the other?"""	positive	jason aldean
can i just go to the thistopc concert sunday???	positive	jason aldean
can it be friday already? i wanna see thistopc	positive	jason aldean
can not wait for thistopc tomorrow night with my wonderful girlfriend!!! even better she's wearing the outfit i picked out for her!!!	positive	jason aldean
can't find a ride to thistopc thursday so looks like i'm not going	positive	jason aldean
can't wait for tomorrow after work. thistopc concert. off friday with bills game. off saturday sunday. first draft sunday. off monday.	positive	jason aldean
can't wait to go see thistopc this saturday at the rose bowl! let me now if you're gonna be there to pregame! topc topc	positive	jason aldean
"""can't wait to see thistopc, cole swindell, and tyler farr with twitteraddr september numbrrd needs to get here!!"""	positive	jason aldean
cannot wait for country fest with my girls on friday! love my home state georgia man thistopc! chillin on a dirt road!!!!	positive	jason aldean
"""concert this thursday with twitteraddr ! then hopefully get some tickets for thistopc, twitteraddr and twitteraddr"	positive	jason aldean
"""congrats to jan bradley, one of our thistopc ticket winners - enjoy the show and thanks for being a skynumbr fan! httpaddr"	positive	jason aldean
"""cruising through town, windows down blaring thistopc with a chey that's a perfect sunday afternoon"""	positive	jason aldean
"""does anyone want numbr tickets to the kenny chesney, thistopc concert on saturday? good seats and very reasonable price"""	positive	jason aldean
don't get me wrong i'm excited to see thistopc on friday but man do i wish it were kenny again. topc twitteraddr	positive	jason aldean
"""escape the room this weekend, numbrrd row phillies next weekend, thistopc aug numbr if i can win tickets! topc"	positive	jason aldean
everyone saying the chris brown concert was great last night when we all know that the greatest concert is on friday with thistopc	positive	jason aldean
first time i've been called off in a while and couldn't ask for a better day to have off. plus thistopc is tomorrow!	positive	jason aldean
flashback friday to pre opening for twitteraddr can't wait to do it all again september numbrth for thistopc!! httpaddr	positive	jason aldean
going to thistopc sept numbr with twitteraddr cant wait! topc topc	positive	jason aldean
going to see thistopc tomorrow with the best friend. kinda very excited.: httpaddr	positive	jason aldean
got my thistopc shirt today now just waiting on august numbrst httpaddr	positive	jason aldean
got your tickets for thistopc concert friday well don't for get to book your limo for it!!! we got great... httpaddr	positive	jason aldean
he also opened for thistopc in april. and he put on a good show too! &lt;numbr tyler farr &lt;numbr &lt;numbr &lt;numbr kristi httpaddr	positive	jason aldean
heading to va. beach tomorrow for thistopc and the burn it down tour? here's info for you!  showtimes: (all... httpaddr	positive	jason aldean
i could go see thistopc for free tomorrow... but i'm not even trying to give homeboy the wrong impression cause he's already aggravatin	positive	jason aldean
"""i don't know why but the song, staring at the sun by thistopc makes me feel better"""	positive	jason aldean
"""i have numbr lawn seat for sale to thistopc friday night, if you're interested message me!"""	positive	jason aldean
i have numbr thistopc tickets to sell for friday night. $numbr for the pair. any takers??	positive	jason aldean
"""i have tickets for thistopc friday, but do i want pit?"""	positive	jason aldean
i have two tickets to kenny chesney and thistopc for august numbrth who's coming with me?!?	positive	jason aldean
i may have numbr-numbr tickets tonight for thistopc. if interested please stay in touch !	positive	jason aldean
"""i want to see thistopc tomorrow night, thanks for noticing that twitteraddr"	positive	jason aldean
i'm just ready for this weekend. tattoo friday. off saturday. thistopc sunday. only things to look forward to.	positive	jason aldean
i'm so ready for the thistopc concert tomorrow!	positive	jason aldean
if i didn't have training tomorrow id be sick and at the thistopc concert topc	positive	jason aldean
if anyone has two thistopc tickets for sep numbrth that they want to get rid of please let me know so i can take them off your hands!	positive	jason aldean
"""if anyone is going to the thistopc concert friday night, please dm. me and gabe foust need a ride."""	positive	jason aldean
if anyone wants to come with me to thistopc tomorrow night i have a free ticket	positive	jason aldean
if anyone wants to take me to see thistopc tomorrow for my bday you'll be my bffl :-)	positive	jason aldean
im going to the kenny chesney and thistopc concert this saturday!! fuckkk yeahssss	positive	jason aldean
is it friday yet? i'm so ready for thistopc!	positive	jason aldean
is there anyone out there that wants to go with me to the kenny chesney thistopc concert tomorrow for free!?!?!?	positive	jason aldean
thistopc twitteraddr  epic night this past saturday at the twitteraddr thank you pasadena!!!!... httpaddr	positive	jason aldean
thistopc sunday with this beauty topc topc topc is not over yet  topc httpaddr	positive	jason aldean
"""thistopc thursday, free toronto blue jays game friday and zbb concert sunday. bout to be the best weekend of summer."""	positive	jason aldean
thistopc and kenny cheney at the meadowlands this saturday is going to be wild!!! topc	positive	jason aldean
"""thistopc concert while working from home, i'd say it's a good friday! topc"	positive	jason aldean
thistopc is the greatest artist of all time &amp; then the bills season opener tomorrow topc	positive	jason aldean
thistopc tomorrow night will be the best concert of the year hands down	positive	jason aldean
thistopc was the best concet of the summer for the numbrrd straight year	positive	jason aldean
thistopc with this beauty on sunday!!  topc topc topc topc httpaddr	positive	jason aldean
thistopc&amp;kenny chesney tickets for sale. concert is the numbrth. good seats for a really good price. text me asap for more info!!	positive	jason aldean
jealous of everyone going to thistopc tomorrow night	positive	jason aldean
"""jon pardi last night, jj longhorn and moonlight drive tonight, twitteraddr next friday, and thistopc in numbr weeks...i like concerts"""	positive	jason aldean
just passing through by thistopc may be the sweetest song ever written	positive	jason aldean
just take me back to saturday when thistopc sang big green tractor because i fucking love that song and it was numbrx's better live	positive	jason aldean
kenny chesney and thistopc concert tonight and us open tomorrow... guess you can say it was an ok weekend	positive	jason aldean
kenny chesney and thistopc concert tonight and leave for mammoth tomorrow...one could say i'm spoiled with greatness rn	positive	jason aldean
kind of really upset i'm missing fgl tomorrow night. guess i'll have to make up for it at thistopc	positive	jason aldean
kinda upset i'm gunna miss the twitteraddr fight saturday.. but kenney chesney and thistopc should be a blast!	positive	jason aldean
kinda wanna go to the thistopc concert tomorrow	positive	jason aldean
loving friday with thistopc on today! topc	positive	jason aldean
may be going to the a thistopc concert tomorrow :)	positive	jason aldean
more and more i listen to one of thistopc's songs the more and more i want to go to his concert saturday	positive	jason aldean
my excitement to see kenny chesney and thistopc tomorrow is through the roof	positive	jason aldean
my mom is seeing thistopc for the numbrth time this weekend and she's met him already and has vip and she isn't taking me	positive	jason aldean
"""officially going to the kenny chesney, thistopc, brantley gilbert, and cole swindal concert on saturday!! excited beyond words!!"""	positive	jason aldean
one more day of work tomorrow. then thistopc concert!! off friday and monday. bills game friday! draft sunday. bring on this weekend!	positive	jason aldean
pretty sure i'm going to be the only person at this thistopc concert tomorrow who's not wearing boots or a flannel. &amp; i'm okay with that	positive	jason aldean
really wish i was going to thistopc at dte energy on september numbr	positive	jason aldean
refuse to go to the doctors about my concussion because i must see thistopc friday .. topc topc	positive	jason aldean
saturday night dance party with numbr.numbr the bull + thistopc after party!!! free cover 'til numbrpm + $numbr.numbr wells &amp;... httpaddr	positive	jason aldean
seeing big green tractor be performed by thistopc tonight threw it back to numbrth grade homeroom with twitteraddr	positive	jason aldean
seeing thistopc for the numbrth time today... yup	positive	jason aldean
seeing all these concert pics makes me even more excited to go see thistopc thursday with my favorite people	positive	jason aldean
seeing everyone's posts at the mid state fair getting for thistopc is making me so excited for tomorrow :)	positive	jason aldean
selling one thistopc ticket for the darien lake show on thursday august numbrth! $numbr. contact me if you are interested!	positive	jason aldean
selling two thistopc tickets for friday! text or dm me if you're interested	positive	jason aldean
"""she is like staring at the sun, she could easily blind someone - thistopc"""	positive	jason aldean
she surprised me with thistopc tickets for tomorrow night!!!!!!!!!	positive	jason aldean
show tomorrow @ wick's gc.  old school queen - new thistopc - classic rock and power pop in between.  hope you can join us for the fun!	positive	jason aldean
so excited for thursday i just got twitteraddr tickets to the thistopc concert for her bdayyyy!	positive	jason aldean
so if anyone wants to buy me an outfit for the thistopc concert sunday for my bday that would be great bc i don't have anything!!! :-)	positive	jason aldean
"""so, i get to work the thistopc concert this sunday at twitteraddr ! find me at the twitteraddr booth!"""	positive	jason aldean
some one go to kenny chesney and thistopc with me saturday	positive	jason aldean
the truth by thistopc may be the best country song ever	positive	jason aldean
"""thursday night we are giving away a pair of tickets to the thistopc concert on aug numbrnd, come in for your... httpaddr"	positive	jason aldean
tomorrow i have tickets to get drunk and see thistopc in cincinnati with my bff donna and i can't wait	positive	jason aldean
"""tomorrow during happy hour numbr:numbr-numbr:numbrpm is the coors light thistopc ticket giveaway, stop in to win at tin pan alley tavern numbr-numbr-numbr"""	positive	jason aldean
tomorrow night is the big night! xtu will be in the house to give away thistopc tickets numbr-numbrpm.	positive	jason aldean
tonight come out for our wxtu promo! numbr-numbr:numbr you can win (numbr) tickets to see thistopc on august numbrth numbr!... httpaddr	positive	jason aldean
"""tonight, september numbrrd, stop by for your chance to win:  numbr- tickets to see thistopc, september numbrth, on the... httpaddr"	positive	jason aldean
tonight- thistopc. tomorrow- party all day. i can dig it.	positive	jason aldean
trying to sell my thistopc ticket for this saturday. anyone want to go????	positive	jason aldean
tune in today between numbram-numbrpm for the thistopc double play thursday for a chance to win tickets to the show... httpaddr	positive	jason aldean
very interested in going to see thistopc in september at dte	positive	jason aldean
want a chance to win numbr tickets for thistopc's burning it down tour on september numbrth at first niagara? stop in tonight!	positive	jason aldean
we had a blast at the thistopc show on saturday! :) check out all the pics. httpaddr	positive	jason aldean
we're giving away thistopc tickets! text us win tickets to his burning it down tour sept numbr topc twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	jason aldean
well didn't plan on going to thistopc thursday but here i am buying my ticket to go go thistopc on thursday	positive	jason aldean
who's going to thistopc thursday! i got tickets and wanna party it up!	positive	jason aldean
"""who's ready for thistopc tomorrow at klipsch music center?!   **follow us, like &amp; tag numbr friends along with... httpaddr"	positive	jason aldean
wishhhhh i was going to thistopc tomorrow	positive	jason aldean
xtu will be in the house this thursday night giving away thistopc tickets! httpaddr	positive	jason aldean
anyone wanna go see thistopc with me september numbrth in toronto hmu	positive	jason aldean
anyone wanna go to thistopc with me saturday?	positive	jason aldean
currently sitting on the stairs at cbs scene listening to thistopc and kenny chesney so i can prepare myself for when i see him tomorrow	positive	jason aldean
got one floor ticket for kenny chesney and thistopc tomorrow night for numbr$ who's coming with me?	positive	jason aldean
"""i wake up to my dad blaring """"dirt road anthem"""" by thistopc through the house, happy sunday :-)"""	positive	jason aldean
if anyone wants to take me to the thistopc concert either august numbrth or numbrth please feel free!!	positive	jason aldean
"""just got numbr free tickets to thistopc, cole swindell and tyler farr saturday night! topc"	positive	jason aldean
lost my voice at that kenny concert.. how am i suppose to sing at the thistopc concert tomorrow?	positive	jason aldean
only my cousin would get to go to kenny chesney and thistopc twice lol see you friday twitteraddr	positive	jason aldean
selling one thistopc ticket for saturday at blossom let me know if you need it!	positive	jason aldean
"""so who's going to thistopc tomorrow, raise ur hands"""	positive	jason aldean
super excited for thistopc and kenny chesney on the numbrth because it has been way too long since i have been at a country concert.	positive	jason aldean
this work day needs to be over vacation starts tomorrow! first stop thistopc with my sisters and roommate twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	jason aldean
yay for going to see thistopc on the numbrrd :-)	positive	jason aldean
"""twitteraddr well there you go, thistopc inspires people to kill themselves. i may do a review of the show"""	negative	john cena
twitteraddr twitteraddr and i didn't like the way the thistopc and seth march ended too that pissed me off so bad	negative	john cena
"""twitteraddr i guess the world will end tomorrow, one of the signs of the apocalypse is thistopc losing...god he sucks so bad"""	negative	john cena
twitteraddr after watching thistopc's match m really disappointed with this numbrrd class system of wwe in summer slam..just like bull shit	negative	john cena
twitteraddr twitteraddr one other thing is that im gonna hear thistopc on monday complaining how he lost so... for me.. not really	negative	john cena
twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc may have put his dick in amy schumer. he loses what little anything he had for that.	negative	john cena
bitch idgaf if you don't want to go to school tomorrow thistopc lost	negative	john cena
fuck around and buss out the vintage thistopc shirt tomorrow	negative	john cena
guys can we kill the thistopc meme please. i see enough of him on monday nights.	negative	john cena
i used to love thistopc until it started being reported that he was politicking nikki's push. it seems obvious. httpaddr	negative	john cena
i would like to become a celebrity so that i may hit thistopc with a chair actually.	negative	john cena
"""i'm going to be quietly singing """"thistopc sucks! thistopc sucks!"""" to myself for most of tomorrow. well done, topc crowd."""	negative	john cena
"""i'm just so boooreeed.... you never know, twitteraddr i may be bored enough to draw you thistopc"""	negative	john cena
"""if thistopc is really behind the wwe keeping the belt on nikki, i may not be in love with him anymore."""	negative	john cena
thistopc got screwed! numbrst the ref got knocked out then john stewart comes out with a chair. disgrace! topc topc topc	negative	john cena
"""thistopc looked woozy from the pop-up powerbomb, then even more after the messed up sunset flip httpaddr"	negative	john cena
thistopc may have been injured tonight at a wwe live event.	negative	john cena
thistopc may help wish kids &amp; nikki bella but what has he done for the middle class except sell them bright shirts? httpaddr	negative	john cena
thistopc needs to be locked up and throw away the key! he's just assaulted a guest on monday night topc	negative	john cena
thistopc's excuse tomorrow on raw will be john stewart cost me the title.	negative	john cena
thistopc is a joke please hurry to retire and while you're at it take your little kardashian girlfriend with u httpaddr	negative	john cena
ric flair = beloved legend. thistopc = hated by pure wrestling fans.  even if he wins the numbrth title.they won't be equal ever! topc	negative	john cena
why is twitteraddr so scared of having thistopc winning his numbrth title?  it's just stupid!	negative	john cena
the only reason i know who thistopc is is because my bully in numbrrd grade wrote his name in sharpie all over her backpack	negative	john cena
"""is champ there? """"who?"""" """"champ."""" """"who is champ?"""" """"that question will be answered this sunday night when thistopc fights the undertaker"""""""	positive	john cena
*overhears a conversation about thistopc* are you ready for this sunday night wheb thistopc defends his title at wwe suuuupppeerrr slaaaam	positive	john cena
numbr wishes?! wow. thistopc is literally one of the greatest humans to walk the earth. numbrst class all the way.	positive	john cena
twitteraddr twitteraddr nikki bella doesn't deserve to break april's record as champion but thanks to twitteraddr thank you very much thistopc	positive	john cena
twitteraddr twitteraddr good we too love you back came monday  night raw soon fan numbr thistopc boy friend along  miss love	positive	john cena
twitteraddr miss you came back monday night raw love you miss you thistopc boy friend miss you together we love you big fan all good much	positive	john cena
twitteraddr but are you ready for sunday sunday sunday thistopc faces his enemy in a one on one cage match till the death	positive	john cena
twitteraddr it's almost as serious as this sunday night when thistopc defends the wwe world title at wwe superslam!!!	positive	john cena
twitteraddr  may god look after you .ps if thistopc can come back soon so can you topc	positive	john cena
twitteraddr because a former member of the marine corps needs your support this sunday at summer slam!! and his name is thistopc!	positive	john cena
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr """"i have just one question... are you ready?""""  """"ready for what?""""  """"for this sunday night as champ thistopc.."""""""	positive	john cena
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc, you're my hero, no matter what! you will get that numbrth title, no matter what! rollins is a joke!"""	positive	john cena
twitteraddr did what jon deserves...perfect aa thistopc will surly be numbrth time world champion n uschampion cena the legend topc	positive	john cena
twitteraddr good night thistopc talk to you tomorrow	positive	john cena
twitteraddr well played at sumer slam seth may win the game but the real champ is here thistopc	positive	john cena
"""twitteraddr yo wanna visit canada in march? our school is doing a cancer fundraiser and our teams theme is you, thistopc"""	positive	john cena
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr no, because he'll lose the u.s. title to thistopc tomorrow night.."""	positive	john cena
twitteraddr sunday sunday sunday! come on down to the wwe superslam where thistopc defends hos tiitle against cmp puuuunk! sunday!	positive	john cena
"""twitteraddr i'm pretty sure he still doesn't. the only person with real answers is thistopc, this sunday night at the thunderdoooome twitteraddr"	positive	john cena
twitteraddr john stewart vs thistopc tomorrow night on raw! i demand it!	positive	john cena
twitteraddr will not do until you make thistopc win for numbrth time	positive	john cena
twitteraddr i'm naming my cat champ so sunday when i look for him i won't be able to see the wwe suuuuuuuuuuupper slam champ thistopc	positive	john cena
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc will be the champ for the numbrth time	positive	john cena
twitteraddr tuesday morning raw is awesome thistopc with aaaa	positive	john cena
twitteraddr u athleticism and fighting spirit conquer the numbrst place over thistopc. the champ is here!	positive	john cena
twitteraddr all a nurves rack waiting &amp;watching the time.sunday is going to be a crazy day&amp; i can't wait till thistopc wins numbrx belt	positive	john cena
twitteraddr i know it's just your opinion but without stewart twitteraddr may never have won the match and thistopc would've made history	positive	john cena
twitteraddr twitteraddr and goodbye to any man who thinks he can take on thistopc this sunday night!!!	positive	john cena
twitteraddr i may have um.. borrowed a thistopc sticker from a store today and put it on my phone!!! no regrets though	positive	john cena
twitteraddr twitteraddr (i may have been expecting thistopc but i love the song regardless.)	positive	john cena
"""twitteraddr how about imagine furiosa screaming """"thistopc"""" and going in on those recorders like no tomorrow"""	positive	john cena
twitteraddr   got u a lot of stuff u will love it i may or may not have bought u   thistopc  merch and stuff httpaddr	positive	john cena
twitteraddr you a big thistopc fan numbrth time champion best wrestler future legend ever deserves respect lol	positive	john cena
twitteraddr lol maybe.  i'm actually starting new music tomorrow! starting with the thistopc theme song. just for twitteraddr ;)	positive	john cena
twitteraddr may i have 'thistopc' so i can use it as my center piece for my wall of thistopc i will have in the near future	positive	john cena
twitteraddr thistopc was the love of my life ok i watched wrestling when i was in like numbrrd grade	positive	john cena
"""admit it. you may hate thistopc, but you know you miss his u.s. open challenges!"""	positive	john cena
are you ready for this sunday night when wwe champ thistopc defends his title in the wwe super slammmm	positive	john cena
"""can't wait to see topc topc tonight, after topc this is the numbrst time we'll see thistopc without any title around his waist"""	positive	john cena
"""can't wait to see monday night raw tonight. the rock did my man thistopc dirty last night... still thistopc""""s fan:)"""	positive	john cena
"""charlotte, the new day, triple h, thistopc and others sit down with michael cole every wednesday in httpaddr"	positive	john cena
crowd finally pops....for thistopc...in the numbrth hour.   topc topc topc	positive	john cena
doesn't even feel real that i'm starting sixth form tomorrow in my head i'm still numbr years old and obsessed with thistopc and triple h	positive	john cena
fact:this is the numbrth straight yr thistopc is in the topc champ match at topc he has also lost numbr consecutive title matches!topc	positive	john cena
friday is going to be thistopc appreciation day. show your love for the great one by wearing jean shorts. rt to spread awareness	positive	john cena
glad to see thistopc is healthy. that was a nasty bump he took friday night	positive	john cena
"""gosh, i just wanna wear my thistopc shirt everyday. should i wear it ot class tomorrow? decisions"""	positive	john cena
happy monday! here's jon stewart taking it to thistopc to brighten your day lol topc httpaddr	positive	john cena
here here for superman... err thistopc reported injured saturday night but just fine for monday even got a pin ftw topc	positive	john cena
i cant take it any more im so excited for sunday night thistopc in the smash down of his life!!	positive	john cena
"""i have the same birthday as my girlfriend and thistopc, april numbr about to be so lit"""	positive	john cena
i hope thistopc is ok it seems like he may of been dropped preety hard by kevin owens during a house show tonight hopefully it's not	positive	john cena
i just got a thistopc vine sent to me at numbr:numbr on a friday what a life i lead	positive	john cena
"""i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr thistopc lectures nikki bella about the laundry hampers: total divas, december numbr,"""	positive	john cena
"""i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr thistopc attacks dolph ziggler after his match with randy orton: smackdown, nov. numbr,"""	positive	john cena
i may not be a fan of the boy-scout thistopc character but the work he does in real for terminally ill kids is really special.	positive	john cena
"""i may pay for the wwe network, that's how happy i am about thistopc getting owned by the daily show guy."""	positive	john cena
i see thistopc going for his numbrth title!!!! topc	positive	john cena
"""i snuck up behind my brother and yelled thistopc, scaring him. then sat down and said, """"i guess you could say you didn't see me."""""""	positive	john cena
"""i still havent set up my voicemail on my phone so tomorrow when i do it its gonna be like """"hey its -"""" then its gonna cut to thistopc"""	positive	john cena
i'd love to be here and keep rolling on the floor laughing about thistopc... but my driving test is tomorrow so a wwe network replay it is.	positive	john cena
i'd rather get punched in the face by thistopc than go to school tomorrow smh	positive	john cena
i'm being told that tonight is monday night raw at the house at numbr p.m. here's to hoping thistopc makes an appearance.	positive	john cena
i'm gonna jump into twitteraddr window playing the thistopc anthem tomorrow night. fyi	positive	john cena
i'm sad about going into numbrth year so i'm watching thistopc videos and it's helping so much	positive	john cena
"""iowa gop poll results are here, in numbrrd place jeb bush with numbr%, in numbrnd place donald trump with numbr% and in numbrst place is thistopc"""	positive	john cena
"""is thistopc made of steel or what? injured on friday, wrestle the next day.  topc topc"	positive	john cena
"""is this the best you can do, sun? lol thistopc can generate more heat than this pffftt."""	positive	john cena
thistopc!! for the numbrth time! topc topc	positive	john cena
"""thistopc body slams jon stewart like he's amy schumer in trainwreck!: he kinda had it coming! on sunday, jon ... httpaddr"	positive	john cena
thistopc monday night raw redeem yourself make a wish kids going to be there	positive	john cena
thistopc has been named as the numbrnd most charitable athlete in the world..  numbrst. c ronaldo-  numbrnd .thistopc  and... httpaddr	positive	john cena
thistopc has just turned heel!!!!! topc topc topc httpaddr	positive	john cena
thistopc is even the best at losing httpaddr	positive	john cena
"""thistopc just beat up jon stewart on monday night raw, too funny."""	positive	john cena
"""thistopc just gave an aa to jon stewart on monday night raw. yes, you just read that right. topc"	positive	john cena
thistopc throwing jon stewart at the wwe is pretty amusing: httpaddr	positive	john cena
thistopc will become my favorite wrestler ever if this angle leads to him beating the snot out of jon stewart on raw tomorrow. topc	positive	john cena
thistopc love you ask a question you will be monday in wwe ??	positive	john cena
jon stewart gets body slammed by thistopc on 'wwe monday night raw':  the former 'daily show' host was slammed to the floor by cena ...	positive	john cena
"""jon stewart on monday night raw is lit. numbr/numbr, would hit american sweetheart thistopc with metal chair again tonight."""	positive	john cena
last tweet until thistopc wins the wwe world heavyweight championship for the numbrth time	positive	john cena
legitimately crying at the ksu football hype video that transitions directly from thistopc's theme to that sad friday night lights music	positive	john cena
listen to thistopc numbrth wwe theme song - the time is now lmfao might as well listen to it its everywhere httpaddr	positive	john cena
massimo is showing me every thistopc memes under the sun	positive	john cena
may i please be special guest monday night wall or smackdown may i please meet thistopc and nikki bella you yeah burge	positive	john cena
maybe thistopc will win the two titles at raw tomorrow?	positive	john cena
me: jun i have a secret...  jun: what is it?!  me: well i'm actually...thistopc!  jun: oh my gawd...	positive	john cena
might be watching monday night raw just to hear thistopc's entrance song...	positive	john cena
news in on thistopc possibility hurt at a live event.. looks like he may have re-injured his nose. hopefully the rumor is false topc topc	positive	john cena
not sure if i should keep going or just go home and get ready... for this sunday night with thistopc at wwe suuuuuperslam	positive	john cena
nothing like eating pizza watching thistopc wrastle with the roomie on a monday night twitteraddr	positive	john cena
pretty sure me and twitteraddr had an obsession with thistopc in numbrth grade topc	positive	john cena
sat watching thistopc videos with twitteraddr and some random	positive	john cena
so i bet anyone money that tomorrow thistopc beats rollins and sheamus comes out and cashes in the money in the bank	positive	john cena
so michael cole really sat there and called thistopc a fellow legend along with sting? wow. topc topc	positive	john cena
so disappointed in wwe summerslam! i want to see thistopc wins his numbrth title	positive	john cena
"""so, according to my dream on november numbrth i'm going to fight thistopc at wrestlemania as the main event in new york. lmao"""	positive	john cena
start your friday off the right way by watching thistopc save the day during an episode of scooby doo:  httpaddr	positive	john cena
"""that thistopc prank call video may have taken a few years off of my life. i was laughing way too fucking hard, it was horrifying. topc"	positive	john cena
the sting becomes the knew world champion on monday night raw. thistopc retains his united states world champion  httpaddr	positive	john cena
thinking i'm absolutely hilarious sat here playing the thistopc theme tune on a recorder	positive	john cena
wwe fans glad thank you twitteraddr twitteraddr  sting vs. seth rollins thistopc vs. seth rollins  good luck sunday sept numbr!	positive	john cena
"""wwe raw preview (numbr august taping): sting, thistopc to be in the spotlight httpaddr"	positive	john cena
"""walk into work, see """"thistopc"""" graffitied on the ground.. nice. topc"	positive	john cena
"""was challenged to """"name the wrestler"""" on quizup and i read it as """"weather"""". was very confuse when the numbrst quest included a pic of thistopc"""	positive	john cena
"""watch: thistopc gets revenge on jon stewart, slams him to the ground httpaddr via twitteraddr yes! down jon stewart under the mat!"""	positive	john cena
"""watching monday night raw when thistopc's song comes on....  sasha comes booking it into the living room saying, """"cena! cena!"""""""	positive	john cena
which is more important twitteraddr thistopc's numbrth title reign to tie or number numbr to break the record	positive	john cena
you may have seen this but thistopc has given his numbrth make a wish gift for a kid. my hat is off to you mr cena httpaddr	positive	john cena
"""you will know when get to school on monday because i will scream, """"hey guys it's thistopc"""" and play the song when i enter. thank you."""	positive	john cena
all memes aside. i can't wait to see thistopc in the title for title match this sunday (today) at summer slam	positive	john cena
are you ready for this sunday night when wwe champion thistopc defends his title?	positive	john cena
as i walk into all my classes tomorrow can someone play the thistopc walk on song okay thank you	positive	john cena
hel o kids on thursday please be ready to hear the thistopc theme every time i enter a room	positive	john cena
"""it was year numbr character day at school today, so some guy dressed up as thistopc. its monday but honestly the highlight of my entire week"""	positive	john cena
"""thistopc ,if ua good u will beat thistopc for the numbrst round but forget abt the numbrnd round we dont give up. httpaddr"	positive	john cena
thistopc may be injured so it may mean that seth rollins will not be defending his united states championship at night of champions	positive	john cena
thistopc may be the best rapper out there honestly i feel like crying when his voice soothingly covers my ears	positive	john cena
the steelers new numbrnd string qb is... thistopc!	positive	john cena
the winner of tomorrow's game? thistopc	positive	john cena
topc thistopc is like numbrth in the polls. why is he getting all this time? had to be a deal for the hometown gov.	negative	john kasich
""".twitteraddr twitteraddr gov thistopc says """"the sun is going to rise in america again""""  no, the blood of numbr,numbr,numbr innocents cries out."""	negative	john kasich
"""everyone around here in ohio has heroin and pill problems,not marijuana problems! c'mon thistopc get real.its the street drugs killing us"""	negative	john kasich
"""front-runner donald trump guaranteed in fox's gop debate thursday, but ohio gov. thistopc might not make cut. httpaddr ^jc"""	negative	john kasich
"""hey bernie, be ready to be attacked by chuck toad tomorrow on mtp, and watch how he kisses thistopc ass!"""	negative	john kasich
how about we fire thistopc into the sun instead? httpaddr	negative	john kasich
i do understand that thistopc has written two books. i'm not saying he doesn't know what's in the books. someone may have drawn pictures.	negative	john kasich
thistopc applied all the rote republican dogma until he found out he couldn't govern that way. he may be the gop voice in the wilderness.	negative	john kasich
thistopc has been living in the murky middle on energy policy. his home state may force his hand soon. httpaddr	negative	john kasich
thistopc is such a weener. he's got about as much chance of winning as i do kissing the pope's ass in sept. topc topc	negative	john kasich
thistopc just acted like a human being.  this may be a huge mistake. topc	negative	john kasich
thistopc may end up blowing by jeb bush before this is all over. has a lot of the things pure insiders (which i am not) like.	negative	john kasich
thistopc may is just jeb bush from the a different state. he's a mealy mouthed squish.  httpaddr	negative	john kasich
"""thistopc thinks the roots are """"offensive"""" httpaddr"	negative	john kasich
thistopc you may live. you dont have my support but you may live	negative	john kasich
"""n.h. poll: trump still numbrst, but the mentally unstable thistopc jumps like a boss into numbrnd place - httpaddr"	negative	john kasich
the only line i will remember tomorrow is thistopc's dad was a mailman..... who the hell cares?!?!? twitteraddr	negative	john kasich
"""this topc race is seriously getting out of hand. who in the blue heck is thistopc? or red heck, as the case may be here."""	negative	john kasich
"""this weekend on the fair &amp; balanced network, fox news sunday's guests are crazy conservative rick perry and nutty conservative thistopc."""	negative	john kasich
uh oh. thistopc just followed neon twitter. they may not like what i have to say... topc topc	negative	john kasich
"""who the heck did thistopc pay to get all this good post-debate pub?  who is he? oh right, and the debate was in cleveland.   but c'mon"""	negative	john kasich
"""ya know, thistopc actually seems like a real human being with a real record.. too bad that may or may not mean anything"""	negative	john kasich
you worry about your numbrnd amendment america with a nra nut thistopc givin guns like candy its my life i worry about.. wild west mentality.	negative	john kasich
"""gov. thistopc has a problem, he is starting late in a numbr man field with the first debate coming up on the numbrth of aug. he must debate"""	negative	john kasich
thistopc is crushing it tonight. he'll see a huge bump tomorrow. - undecided republican in cleveland ohio httpaddr	positive	john kasich
"""topc topc ohio gov. thistopc says of the numbrst gop presidential debate on thursday: 'i'd like to be there, ... httpaddr"	positive	john kasich
topc kudos to thistopc showing respect to those with whom he may not agree.	positive	john kasich
twitteraddr i truly don't think she'll win; she may not even be the nominee. voting for bernie as of now..perhaps thistopc	positive	john kasich
twitteraddr jeb or thistopc may get it... i need an easy bit for hillary	positive	john kasich
at the end of night only thistopc was on top with trump. these two may not yet be owned by topc wonder? httpaddr	positive	john kasich
did thistopc stand out in gop forum?: kasich delivered clear performance at monday's gop forum. but with so... httpaddr	positive	john kasich
did you know that 'thistopc' was trending topic on tuesday numbr for numbr hours in chicago? httpaddr topc	positive	john kasich
"""don't look now, but thistopc may mess around and get in this debate at the last minute. and win new hampshire."""	positive	john kasich
"""don't miss the town hall with presidential candidate thistopc on july numbrst, for click for details httpaddr topc"	positive	john kasich
gov. chris christie &amp; fmr gov thistopc get the final two spots in the fox news debate thursday. gov. rick perry among those left out topc	positive	john kasich
how much do you know about thistopc?: take this quiz to keep up with the sweet numbrth republican pre... httpaddr twitteraddr	positive	john kasich
i admire thistopc for saying his thoughts on a very controversial topic regardless of what negative feedback he may receive. topc	positive	john kasich
i didn't even know who thistopc was before the topc i think he may have done the best.	positive	john kasich
"""i first tweeted this in april or may, but thistopc can win the gop primary."""	positive	john kasich
i have to admit thistopc may be the most competent person on the stage...	positive	john kasich
i'm going to research this thistopc fellow tomorrow. he has my attention.	positive	john kasich
"""i'm not gonna lie, i like thistopc. its gonna be a shame when he finishes numbrth tonight. topc"	positive	john kasich
if thistopc starts polling better before super tuesday he could be my primary vote	positive	john kasich
it may just be the crowd but i've enjoyed thistopc tonight	positive	john kasich
"""it's a longshot, but if i were a betting man, which i am not, i'd say thistopc may end up the gop nominee. it's not going to be chump."""	positive	john kasich
it's of hilarious that one of the biggest ovations from thursday was when thistopc said he wouldn't disown his hypothetical gay son.	positive	john kasich
thistopc has sure come out of nowhere. i'd give him the w tonight. can't wait to watch the democratic party's first debate in october.	positive	john kasich
"""thistopc is going to be the media darling tomorrow with his gay marriage/supreme court comment. well done, sir. topc"	positive	john kasich
thistopc is now the numbrth major rep httpaddr  topc topc topc topc topc topc	positive	john kasich
thistopc is running numbrnd in our question who do you support for the numbr republican presidential nomination? httpaddr	positive	john kasich
"""thistopc made the cut for thursday night's republican debate, but rick perry did not. httpaddr"	positive	john kasich
thistopc may be the most genuine of all of the candidates topc	positive	john kasich
thistopc may be the only republican presidential candidate who i feel like wouldn't completely ruin america if elected.	positive	john kasich
"""thistopc may not be terribly polished, but he's coming across as more comfortable and real than jeb bush. topc"	positive	john kasich
"""thistopc may not subscribe to my political views, or me his, but he very much handles himself with grace and compassion. topc"	positive	john kasich
thistopc on tuesday will become the numbrth major republican candidate for president	positive	john kasich
thistopc seems well balanced and sensible compared to the rest at thursday night's debate. i say twitteraddr won.	positive	john kasich
thistopc should feel proud of his performance at the topc thursday night. he looked more presidential than the rest of the field.	positive	john kasich
"""thistopc was the numbrst one to bring up reagan, points down for him topc topc"	positive	john kasich
"""thistopc with the goal posts gesture needs to be on front pages tomorrow. it's a gift. make me proud, headline writers."""	positive	john kasich
thistopc's gay marriage response may have been the moment of the night | numbr httpaddr httpaddr	positive	john kasich
"""thistopc, i may not agree with you but i now have no doubt the i respect you immensely"""	positive	john kasich
"""thistopc, a powder-blue republican, perfect for the sunday talk shows. httpaddr"	positive	john kasich
my hope for the two remaining empty podiums on thursday is chris christie and thistopc.	positive	john kasich
"""ready for the numbrst debate, all in for thistopc."""	positive	john kasich
so thistopc beats out rick perry for the numbrth spot	positive	john kasich
"""sweet jesus, i may just vote for thistopc. topc"	positive	john kasich
the new york times twitteraddr why thistopc may be the strongest republican candida... httpaddr topc	positive	john kasich
thursday night's topc was the highest-rated primary debate in tv history. must be because of that thistopc sex appeal.	positive	john kasich
why thistopc may be strongest gop prez candidate - even if he may not be able to get nomination. read twitteraddr  httpaddr	positive	john kasich
"""wow, gov twitteraddr thistopc made it. fox announces numbr candidates for thursday's prime-time debate httpaddr via twitteraddr"	positive	john kasich
the cool billionaire are freebasing while basejumping tomorrow. fools. i'll be in listening to thistopc talk about tariffs in iowa	positive	john kasich
i can't wait to go to the angel game tomorrow vs. the rangers and talk shit to thistopc	negative	josh hamilton
if i told you on april numbr that thistopc and cole hamels would be in the starting lineup on august numbr. how much would you have laughed?	negative	josh hamilton
jesus cc...even thistopc is hitting homers off you and he's basically on the verge of a numbrth drug relapse	negative	josh hamilton
thistopc comes up as a pinch-hitter for texas in the numbrth and gets booed and then booed and then booed some more.	negative	josh hamilton
thistopc rejoined the rangers n an effort to overcome his struggle w/ addiction. angels fans just booed him in numbrst game back. topc	negative	josh hamilton
keuchel strikes out the side in the numbrth....only thistopc has failed to k against the lefty...astros lead numbr-numbr topc topc	negative	josh hamilton
"""topc thistopc went numbr-for-numbr with a run and two rbis including the go-ahead, eventual game-winner in the numbrth. topc"	positive	josh hamilton
topc of thistopc out of the lineup for numbrrd straight game with sore knee. hopes to return thur vs. topc	positive	josh hamilton
topc the unbeatable andrew miller...blows up in the numbrth! thistopc walks it off with a numbr out knock..yankees lose	positive	josh hamilton
"""numbr years ago today, thistopc, who at one point hits numbr consecutive, hits numbr hr in the numbrst round of the topc httpaddr"	positive	josh hamilton
twitteraddr another walk-off - this time thistopc gives the rangers the win  his numbrth career walk-off hit  veee el piedrero	positive	josh hamilton
twitteraddr i can't figure out why thistopc isn't playing tonight httpaddr	positive	josh hamilton
and thistopc. really this whole team right now. incredible. get punched in the mouth in the numbrth and then do this. awesome.	positive	josh hamilton
andrew miller blows his numbrst save of the yr as thistopc hits a walk-off single to help the rangers beat the yankees numbr-numbr	positive	josh hamilton
bases-loaded for thistopc with numbr outs. already has a homer in this game. numbrnd homer here? it's a full moon. why not?	positive	josh hamilton
"""best hr derby,thistopc numbr monster blasts deep into the bronx night,a record numbrst round.then like his career, faded,just three in finals."""	positive	josh hamilton
did you know that 'thistopc' was trending topic on friday numbr for numbr hours in dallas-ft. worth? httpaddr topc	positive	josh hamilton
"""home run thistopc!!! topc get on the board first, lead numbr-numbr in the bottom of the numbrth topc"	positive	josh hamilton
"""i really like the way thistopc is swinging  the bat. more bat speed. even though he k'd in the numbrrd, he made some violent swings"""	positive	josh hamilton
"""in good, non-kris bryant is dead news, thistopc just put the rangers up numbr-numbr over the giants in the numbrth"""	positive	josh hamilton
thistopc numbr run blast! rangers lead the giants numbr-numbr in the numbrth! topc	positive	josh hamilton
jackie bradley jr. becomes the numbrth player since numbr to have numbr extra-base hits in a game. first since thistopc on numbr/numbr/numbr.	positive	josh hamilton
"""thistopc can strike out numbr times but if bats in the numbrth or later, he will win you the baseball game."""	positive	josh hamilton
thistopc catch top of the numbrth. topc	positive	josh hamilton
thistopc hit a numbr run bomb in the top of the numbrth and rangers fans probably thought it was over lmao	positive	josh hamilton
thistopc hit a two run homer in numbr ws in the numbrth with a sports hernia. if anyone with any decent fielding skills catches the ball...	positive	josh hamilton
thistopc hits a numbr-run homer in the numbrth to break numbr-numbr tie w/ sf.	positive	josh hamilton
thistopc hits an rbi double to give the rangers a numbr-numbr lead in the numbrth!! topc	positive	josh hamilton
thistopc just hit a record numbr hr in the numbrst round of the numbr home run derby.  numbr hr for chase utley. he saves them for when it counts.	positive	josh hamilton
"""thistopc may not be having a great year, but he's consistently delivered in crucial moments."""	positive	josh hamilton
thistopc pinch hit single! venable to numbrnd! deshields at the plate! no outs! let's go rangers!	positive	josh hamilton
thistopc scored topc numbrth run of the ballgame on a sac blunt in the numbrth. topc	positive	josh hamilton
thistopc stays chill after putting the twitteraddr on top numbr-numbr in the numbrth.	positive	josh hamilton
"""thistopc struck out swinging to end the angels numbr-numbr win over the rangers. the angels are numbr game up on the astros, who they play tuesday"""	positive	josh hamilton
thistopc the best numbrst pitch player in baseball gets a slow hanging curveball down the middle &amp; just looks at it. lol	positive	josh hamilton
thistopc ties this sucker up @ numbr-numbr!  smashes his numbrth homer of the season.	positive	josh hamilton
"""thistopc tormented the angels friday in return to anaheim (numbr-for-numbr). didn't start saturday, but pinch hit and scored the winning run."""	positive	josh hamilton
thistopc was numbrth on rangers in win probability added entering this game. he'll be numbrnd by the end of the day. just crazy.	positive	josh hamilton
thistopc with a numbr run homer in yne numbrst inning. numbr-numbr rangers topc topc	positive	josh hamilton
thistopc with his numbrth game-winning rbi this season. topc	positive	josh hamilton
thistopc' gonna hit a dramatic homer to clinch the second wild card over the angels httpaddr	positive	josh hamilton
"""thistopc's numbrth home run of the season, a two-run homer, provided the texas topc with all the support they needed to win. topc"	positive	josh hamilton
"""thistopc's go-ahead rbi in the numbrth, opened up the floodgates, as numbr more runs were scored. texas topc won numbr-numbr over topc topc"	positive	josh hamilton
madison bumgarner just hit a bomb. his numbrrd homer of the season. other people with numbr this season: matt holliday thistopc jon luccroy	positive	josh hamilton
"""ok, i remember where i was when thistopc had the massive numbrst round, etc in 'numbr---and hats off to twitteraddr bcuz that was epic also!!"""	positive	josh hamilton
seriously cannot wait to see thistopc play monday. favorite player in the game.	positive	josh hamilton
so twitteraddr comes on topc insider and tells the listeners thistopc looked great in bp and then he hits a bomb in his numbrst ab..genius!	positive	josh hamilton
texas topc thistopc tied the ballgame in the numbrst with a three-run home run. topc	positive	josh hamilton
texas is the walk-off state tonight. thistopc just singled in winner in numbrth vs yankees.	positive	josh hamilton
the texas rangers did a nice job today and thistopc is able to hit his numbrth home run and he did a great job today.	positive	josh hamilton
"""watch: post game plus breaks down thursday's walk-off loss in arlington, as thistopc beat the yankees late. httpaddr"	positive	josh hamilton
wooooo thistopc just made tomorrow nights dinner plans half off twitteraddr twitteraddr walk off single in numbr-numbr win over twitteraddr	positive	josh hamilton
in my college class on thursday this guy who looked like thistopc sat next to me i was literally about to cry	positive	josh hamilton
twitteraddr i pray that one day you die in hell. along side capitalist pigs like kim kardashian &amp; thistopc. may stalin smite you.	negative	justin bieber
"""twitteraddr isn't it ~time for thistopc to be medicated c an """"antipsychotic?"""" may i suggest haldol...he is old enough to know better"""	negative	justin bieber
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr """"you may not speak to thistopc unless spoken to"""" wow didn't know i was paying to meet the queen"""	negative	justin bieber
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc may have had the better album but talent wise his got nothing on chris.	negative	justin bieber
"""twitteraddr """"you may not be allowed to speak to thistopc"""" doesn't that kinda take the """"greet"""" out of """"meet and greet""""???"""	negative	justin bieber
"""don't sleep on matty b, he may pull a thistopc and snatch us all dead."""	negative	justin bieber
"""february, and finding their declining the time with your secrecy; and the same kind wishes with thistopc could not feel,"""	negative	justin bieber
hbd to a terrible thistopc poser but i guess he is kinda cool! hope you have a kick ass numbrth! httpaddr	negative	justin bieber
"""honestly, thistopc's music could disappear of the face of the earth tomorrow and i couldn't give any less of a fuck."""	negative	justin bieber
"""i may be a directioner but that doesn't mean that i agree with them bashing thistopc, numbrsos or any other artist"""	negative	justin bieber
"""if real life was like amazon, those of you who bought kobe as the goat may also like thistopc, super skinny jeans and vaseline"""	negative	justin bieber
thistopc - what do you mean? you don't just have numbrst on the billboards but numbrnd &amp; third. over there httpaddr	negative	justin bieber
thistopc drunk singing sorry  and rocking out with fans at numbr oak nightclub november numbr numbr (numbr) httpaddr	negative	justin bieber
"""thistopc is numbrst, numbrnd and numbrth in the uk top numbr  i'm not listening to the radio for a couple of months"""	negative	justin bieber
thistopc is coming to portland but my mom thinks he's a creep and his concert is on a sunday so guess who doesn't get to go.	negative	justin bieber
"""thistopc u may have cool music now but i swear to god if you offer me one more piece of unsolicited """"sage"""" advice"""	negative	justin bieber
thistopc was steady flashing so many symbols in his sorry video am afraid i may have been unknowingly initiated into the illuminati.	negative	justin bieber
"""me: """"thistopc is gonna be in that numbrnd zoolander movie but only for a quick scene cause he dies""""  dad: """"good"""" twitteraddr"	negative	justin bieber
my family are listening to thistopc and im just  sat here feeling a little sick	negative	justin bieber
"""p.diddy gave thistopc a $numbr,numbr lamborghini for his numbrth birthday, more than he has given to all the starving children in africa."""	negative	justin bieber
"""peeing at the thistopc numbrsos numbrth harmony beef, truly keeps my young"""	negative	justin bieber
sat here dunking choc biscuits in my tea reading the daily mail.. and tells me about thistopc new find ( xenia deli ) fuck off!! topc	negative	justin bieber
"""sir john dined from thistopc was closed, burst into the same time--""""there is too awful whisper,--""""i may accelerate that"""	negative	justin bieber
watched numbr minutes of the roast of thistopc and it may be the most brutal thing i've seen	negative	justin bieber
who the fuck would buy a thistopc vinyl httpaddr	negative	justin bieber
you may not speak to thistopc unless you are spoken to wtf are you the queen? the pope? no didn't think so	negative	justin bieber
"""you may not be allowed to speak to thistopc, unless you are spoken to that's so fucked up what a waste of $$$ httpaddr"	negative	justin bieber
topc twitteraddr i share a bday with thistopc lmao remember to wish me on march numbrst ;)	positive	justin bieber
'thistopc' appeared on thursday numbr at the numbrth place in the topnumbr of norway's trends: httpaddr topc	positive	justin bieber
twitteraddr may i ask you thistopc i would love to meet you in person i also love your music so if i can email me at banditnumbrtwitteraddr	positive	justin bieber
twitteraddr selling numbr thistopc standing tickets for the numbrth of october in manchester!	positive	justin bieber
"""twitteraddr i want thistopc tickets, my birthday is may numbr and he's coming may numbr and numbr to boston"""	positive	justin bieber
twitteraddr  dear lord please make my dreams come true and get a thistopc follow i've been a belieber since numbrst grade now i'm in numbr	positive	justin bieber
twitteraddr welll im probably going to see thistopc in october and except for that nothing much wbu?	positive	justin bieber
twitteraddr just asked me what i'm wearing to thistopc's concert in february...	positive	justin bieber
twitteraddr i received the best gift anyone could ask for!!! thistopc tickets! see you in jun in lincoln justin!!! topc	positive	justin bieber
"""twitteraddr justin just so you know, i may have been freaken the past few days, it's just that time of year for me, i'm ok! thistopc"""	positive	justin bieber
"""twitteraddr i really want to see thistopc april numbr,numbr in dallas, texas"""	positive	justin bieber
"""according to billboard """"sorry"""" is the numbrth best song of the year. topc thistopc"""	positive	justin bieber
adding thistopc on snapchat was the best decision i've made since last saturday.	positive	justin bieber
"""and believe me. to me is normal, just like knowing that if thistopc drops a video right now . it will have million views by tomorrow."""	positive	justin bieber
"""as jealous as i am, i can't wait to see my sisters reaction when she opens the thistopc tickets she's getting tomorrow"""	positive	justin bieber
been blasting thistopc all day to hint to my mother she still has time to go online and buy me tickets to unwrap tomorrow morning...	positive	justin bieber
"""but thistopc may be, but her real taste if you call _catching him._ it will always remain-- """"your promise to hope for"""	positive	justin bieber
can it be april so i can be closer to see thistopc???	positive	justin bieber
"""can it be march already so i can see my babe thistopc, thank you very much."""	positive	justin bieber
christmas may be over but it's never too late to buy ya girl some thistopc tickets:)))	positive	justin bieber
"""constantly mentioning comments about thistopc to my parents, so they may just buy me tickets."""	positive	justin bieber
"""early morning playing numbr cards with the guys, please play thistopc - sorry, jolly monday morning tune!  twitteraddr"	positive	justin bieber
ever since the numbrth grade all i've wanted for christmas was thistopc.	positive	justin bieber
for christmas i got thistopc tickets... holy fuck... all this time i'm finally going to see him in my very first concert on april numbrth!!	positive	justin bieber
got the one direction perfume last night and getting the thistopc one tomorrow i'm a happy girl :)))	positive	justin bieber
highkey considering going to the thistopc concert in may topc	positive	justin bieber
i actually spent my whole sunday night watching thistopc videos from youtube on the tv	positive	justin bieber
i can't wait to sing my heart out to thistopc tomorrow the whole way to belfast in ka's car	positive	justin bieber
i got thistopc tickets for christmas i'm crying i have wanted this since the numbrth grade	positive	justin bieber
i hope someone blesses me with thistopc tickets before march	positive	justin bieber
i hope that tomorrow i will wake up with thistopc in my stocking	positive	justin bieber
i just played thistopc at the dinner table and my family just sat there and accepted it and listened	positive	justin bieber
i just wanna see thistopc in april	positive	justin bieber
i just want it to be tomorrow so i can open my thistopc cd i know is waiting for me under the tree	positive	justin bieber
i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr thistopc full interview october numbr -numbr (selena gomez and what do you mean )	positive	justin bieber
i love you thistopc...belieber forever!!! &lt;numbr &lt;numbr &lt;numbr :numbr like this comment if you're belieber!... httpaddr	positive	justin bieber
"""i may congratulate you will not hear from town, but feeding and while thistopc, let them pleasing."""	positive	justin bieber
i might see thistopc in concert for the numbrrd time and i'm so happy	positive	justin bieber
i remember when we were in like numbrth or numbrth grade and taylor called me legit crying bc she loved thistopc so much lmao	positive	justin bieber
i told mom that when we go to florida saturday its gonna be numbr hours of thistopc and adele...she's just gonna have to deal with it	positive	justin bieber
i will be seeing thistopc on my numbrth birthday and i literally cannot explain the joy in my heart right now	positive	justin bieber
i will cry til oct/nov if i get to see thistopc in a private box at the onumbr	positive	justin bieber
i'll be so jealous all the people who got surprise thistopc tickets tomorrow	positive	justin bieber
i'm gonna make eye contact with thistopc in june	positive	justin bieber
"""i'm gonna sleep. tomorrow we have more dm's to give, just with thistopc. i hope you like our account!   ~ twitteraddr"	positive	justin bieber
i'm seeing thistopc july numbrth with my best friend twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	justin bieber
i'm seriously going to my numbrrd but best thistopc concert i want to cry thinking about it	positive	justin bieber
i've given it some thought over the holidays and think thistopc may be cool now.	positive	justin bieber
if i have an extra ticket to see thistopc in july...who's coming with?	positive	justin bieber
if i just got a thistopc cd tomorrow id be happy.	positive	justin bieber
if you're at the mall and wanna sing thistopc songs with me come to pac sun	positive	justin bieber
is it july numbrth yet? i need to see thistopc with his shirt off in person	positive	justin bieber
is it wrong that thistopc is growing on me and may even like him???? topc	positive	justin bieber
"""it's a beautiful sunday when...you purchase youre thistopc ti kets!!! i'm a beilber at numbr, read it and weep. topc topc"	positive	justin bieber
thistopc   i can't wait to see you on may numbrth and get ready to see danielle because that's your wife	positive	justin bieber
thistopc hits back at numbr seconds of summer over ama after-party claim: it may well be the beginnings of th... httpaddr	positive	justin bieber
thistopc may as well hold the copyright to the phrase what do you mean because i can't say it without hearing the song in my head	positive	justin bieber
"""thistopc my dyslexic king, the numbrst boy i was ever sexually attracted to he has been popping my pussy since numbr httpaddr"	positive	justin bieber
thistopc still no.numbr after adele on billboard numbr charts in the us (numbrth week) httpaddr	positive	justin bieber
thistopc via fahlo: may our new year be filled with moments like this httpaddr	positive	justin bieber
thistopc's 'i'll show you' is now vevo certified with over numbrm views! it's his numbrst video to do so. httpaddr	positive	justin bieber
"""thistopc's smile is now certified gold,as he made this golden announcement on his snapchat on december numbr. httpaddr"	positive	justin bieber
"""thistopc, may be any thing that it is very rich; and having done just the affirmative."""	positive	justin bieber
"""thistopc, remember this when i show up to meet you, april numbrth httpaddr"	positive	justin bieber
literally just sat in my car and listened to thistopc for numbr minutes  it was the best numbr minutes of my day	positive	justin bieber
may numbrth numbr is the day i see the love of my life thistopc	positive	justin bieber
my numbrrd new years resolution is i'm not gonna cry over thistopc.. he'll come to me one day	positive	justin bieber
my pictures are always like the numbrnd one but he is thistopc so he's perfect anyway. httpaddr	positive	justin bieber
my sister got thistopc tickets &amp; i'm so happy for her bc i know how exciting it is to see your favorite artist live for the numbrst time	positive	justin bieber
"""not that i normally retweet thistopc, but this time i thought it may be worth it. merry christmas everyone. httpaddr"	positive	justin bieber
okay thistopc may not be the best role model out there but damn he got some good songs out now	positive	justin bieber
okay here's a thing july numbr numbr is the day when thistopc followed me and i wont ever forget that date like ever!	positive	justin bieber
"""okay that's pretty cool of you, thistopc. httpaddr"	positive	justin bieber
"""on its numbrth week, thistopc's 'purpose' is topc on the billboard numbr chart! (it has sold over numbr.numbrm just in the us) httpaddr"	positive	justin bieber
pretty sure when me and the siblings exchange presents tomorrow there'll be numbr thistopc purpose albums in the gaff	positive	justin bieber
probably the numbrth time i've seen the comedy central roast of thistopc and i'm still almost in tears from laughing so hard	positive	justin bieber
"""see you again in april, thistopc :) httpaddr"	positive	justin bieber
"""so grateful, thistopc tickets for the numbrth of october buzzinggggg twitteraddr"	positive	justin bieber
so happy because i'm going to see thistopc march numbrrd !!!!!	positive	justin bieber
someone has to buy me tickets to go see thistopc for my numbrth. you just have to	positive	justin bieber
soooo who's down to go to the thistopc concert with me in march??	positive	justin bieber
"""sorry to hear thistopc was beaten by an nhs choir. however justified the emotions, violence is never the answer httpaddr"	positive	justin bieber
still looking for one more person to take to thistopc with me on july numbrth please text me if you wanna come	positive	justin bieber
"""thanks to my mother in law, i am going to see thistopc in march. i am the happiest person alive rn"""	positive	justin bieber
that moment you realise thistopc may be better at freestyling than young thug  don't forget to like our page... httpaddr	positive	justin bieber
this is the numbrrd christmas i've gotten thistopc tickets hahaha blessed	positive	justin bieber
"""tomorrow i'll do solo dms with michael clifford,thistopc,nash grier,beau brooks,jai brooks maybe liam! so follow me n turn my notifs on"""	positive	justin bieber
watching thistopc's believe right now with twitteraddr   and we're going to disneyland tomorrow.   life is good pt.numbr	positive	justin bieber
"""we consulted only time enjoyed the last time to thistopc, than they may comparatively cold ham and the arrival of a"""	positive	justin bieber
well done to thistopc - love yourself is the ultimate uk chart nonumbr for a numbrth week. can he hold onto the top... httpaddr	positive	justin bieber
who said pe teachers cant like thistopc!! see you in october! httpaddr	positive	justin bieber
youngest into numbrth hour of thistopc on her new karaoke machine so now's the perfect time to get me to confess to pretty much any crime.	positive	justin bieber
"""your girl is going to see thistopc in march!!this by far is the best christmas gift ever, thank you twitteraddr httpaddr"	positive	justin bieber
and on the numbrth day god blessed us with thistopc  httpaddr	positive	justin bieber
but on the bright side im going to thistopc in march	positive	justin bieber
can i just wake up tomorrow and find thistopc under my tree	positive	justin bieber
currently listening to thistopc's very first album and the numbrth grade memories are coming back	positive	justin bieber
from the time i dropped off mar'i to the time i got home i blasted thistopc &amp; i have no shame	positive	justin bieber
going to see thistopc on numbrth october in london	positive	justin bieber
gonna go see thistopc with dylan in march on my birthday!!!!	positive	justin bieber
i'm meeting thistopc in april.... i don't think i'll ever shutup about this.	positive	justin bieber
if i woke up to thistopc backstage passes tomorrow i'd make sure my mom got a million dollar mansion after i marry him.	positive	justin bieber
it may be numbr:numbr am &amp; i may be eating christmas cookies.. but im still jamming to thistopc's new album. problem?	positive	justin bieber
it would be a christmas miracle if i woke up tomorrow and there were thistopc tickets under the tree	positive	justin bieber
thistopc purpose+carbs+dairy confirmed better than xanax you heard it here numbrst	positive	justin bieber
man tomorrow if my parents surprise me with thistopc tickets i'll have a heart attack	positive	justin bieber
mistletoe by thistopc is my jam all year round i don't care if it's july imma have that song blasting by the pool	positive	justin bieber
nick jonas and thistopc soundtracking my last day in the sun...	positive	justin bieber
ok so who's trynna go see thistopc with me in march ???	positive	justin bieber
okay so i'm pretty sure i'm going to be seeing thistopc in march???	positive	justin bieber
pretty accomplished that i was the numbrth comment on thistopc's insta pic	positive	justin bieber
selling my thistopc ticket for may numbrth at the td garden in boston for a discounted price tonight!! dm me!	positive	justin bieber
so who's going with me to see thistopc on april numbrth	positive	justin bieber
"""tickets for the concert of thistopc booked !! twitteraddr dreamed realized omg !! porpose world tour , numbr sep numbr paris belieber &lt;numbr"""	positive	justin bieber
well i'm going to see thistopc in march!!!! merry xmas to me.	positive	justin bieber
"""wow tomorrow is my birthday..i really can't wait and the best present would be a""""happy birthday""""wish from thistopc"""	positive	justin bieber
yesterday i bonded with a numbrth grader over our mutual love for thistopc and disdain for non-iphones	positive	justin bieber
"""topc really need to sort their shit out! no defenders &amp; attackers! stones &amp; berahino or thistopc, may not be the best yet but would take them"""	negative	kane
"""numbrst they're trying thistopc &amp; now derrick rose. yeah, ok. i call bullshit. lie detector tests should be mandatory when it comes to rape charges."""	negative	kane
numbrnd season epl syndrome would have been worse on thistopc if he left spurs. let him suffer it there then improve later	negative	kane
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr agree with numbrst point, and i can't stand thistopc or blackhaws. i detest slander."""	negative	kane
"""twitteraddr it's pretty sad, rooney may be the last one for a long time now unless players like sterling, thistopc, stones, wilson"""	negative	kane
"""twitteraddr i don't know if i want to see a numbrrd, i definitely don't want to see thistopc"""	negative	kane
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr big show and thistopc have zero business finishing numbrrd and numbrth in the rumble.	negative	kane
twitteraddr thistopc and rooney last night.....may have been the ugliest strike partnership of all time. horrifying	negative	kane
"""twitteraddr who hears that thistopc may have sexually assaulted someone and thinks """"i should call chicago and see if he's available""""? ugh"""	negative	kane
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr as sick as it may sound, i hope thistopc gets the indefinite suspension and hawks get cap relief"""	negative	kane
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr i really hope he stays now, even if thistopc dies of exhaustion by november"""	negative	kane
twitteraddr twitteraddr tomorrow better be a busy day or expect thistopc to be fucked half way through.	negative	kane
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr numbr. agree, that dude is fast. numbr. wat. numbr. friday's. numbr. should've sold thistopc when he was worth anything"""	negative	kane
twitteraddr if thistopc doesn't find his nov-mar form again i think they could be in for a very bad season. dier-mason is the kind of...	negative	kane
"""twitteraddr lol, true. the other striker you do have were trying to take off your hands by tuesday, lol!! thistopc has lost his confidence!"""	negative	kane
"""twitteraddr good article, and good point about sakho. he could be sat here now in the same situation as thistopc, with people starting to doubt."""	negative	kane
"""didn't it take thistopc until, like, november to score his first pl goal last season?"""	negative	kane
"""hawks might have had decision made for them. with thistopc case going before grand jury, no way he can be in camp on the numbrth, imo. topc"	negative	kane
i am hearing a settlement may be in the works with thistopc and alleged victim. he might be pulling a kobe - which means he is guilty!!	negative	kane
i've been thinking about it... does anyone else find it disturbing how thistopc may face rape charges and gm's are calling on his availability?	negative	kane
thistopc may have raped a woman &amp; the numbrst thought teams have is about trading for him? fucked up. httpaddr httpaddr	negative	kane
thistopc might just be going thru that numbrnd season syndrome	negative	kane
"""no way thistopc comes here, it's where he gets in trouble the most. would be kicked out of the nhl by his numbrth bday for summer incidents"""	negative	kane
"""okay so the white sox suck, rose and thistopc may be sexual predators, and cobb and nelson are hurt before game one. sports suck."""	negative	kane
"""real shit vote kanye for president if he really is doing it , can't stand donald trump and thistopc's my numbrnd dad"""	negative	kane
same old same old good till the last numbrrd no support for thistopc no width fuck knows what poch is doing ain't got a fucking clue	negative	kane
"""spurs may aswell make use of adebayor,there paying him millions and there guna need someone when they realise thistopc is a one season wonder"""	negative	kane
"""toews backing thistopc &amp; voynov arrested by immigration in us. oh, tomorrow is going to be an icky nhl news/comment day."""	negative	kane
too early to sentence thistopc.. he is actually shit but u nid numbr gv him time numbr shw up .. eben ladt year he got his numbrst epl goals quite late	negative	kane
"""would never vote for thistopc for president, mostly with kim kardashian as his wife. no way in hell is she going to be the numbrst lady"""	negative	kane
"""and fyi, i never had a huge problem with thistopc; i just don't have respect for anyone who may of raped someone."""	negative	kane
"""numbr-numbr. shelvey stakes a claim, delph impressive too and thistopc back in the goals in some style. sets tuesday up very nicely. ml topc topc"	positive	kane
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr levy left us short last season but thistopc saved our season. this time you may see us drift.	positive	kane
twitteraddr  team undertaker right here. thinking we may see thistopc tonight though.	positive	kane
"""twitteraddr shaw, sterling, ox and thistopc may have a chance of being top class in the near future"""	positive	kane
twitteraddr still see koivu. you even admitted it was a good comparison like a month back. thistopc may be a better one though.	positive	kane
"""twitteraddr i agree with you, because thistopc is much cheaper and bale though a fee is agreeable, he may not want to come."""	positive	kane
twitteraddr u gotta get in front of thistopc he's numbrst one a lap down!	positive	kane
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr we adore thistopc for being numbrnd top scorer ,  he was numbrnd top assister"""	positive	kane
"""twitteraddr lol jk, thistopc is too valuable. teams would have to give up numbrst liners for him. dude was numbrnd in scoring on the team."""	positive	kane
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr and he was numbrth top scorer in prem last yr after kun, thistopc and costa honestly surprised no one signed him topc"	positive	kane
"""twitteraddr indeed, hopefully thistopc's england success gives his season kick-start it needed. numbr points absolutely vital on sunday, nothing less."""	positive	kane
"""twitteraddr thistopc, karlsson, getzlaf, couture available for my numbrst pick. who would you take? i want forsberg and/or buff."""	positive	kane
twitteraddr you've listened good man your numbrst tip is to eliminate all allys to seth rollins... j &amp; j / thistopc / triple h / steph mcmahon.	positive	kane
twitteraddr going by the last numbr games yes.i think son may bring last season thistopc back.he under to much pressure .we expect to much of him	positive	kane
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc's best service in the numbrst half came from the keeper! says it all	positive	kane
"""twitteraddr no, don't think he's ready yet. with thistopc, n'jie, son, chadli &amp; lamela we have enough options till jan + ade in case of emergency"""	positive	kane
"""twitteraddr """"no!"""" am i outa the loop somewhere? this is the numbrnd time today i've heard thistopc &amp; az in same breath."""	positive	kane
twitteraddr fighters going to be a great day at murrayfield please say happy numbrst birthday to thistopc that would top off his day	positive	kane
twitteraddr on our way to edinburgh it's our son thistopc's numbrst -we brought him up on great music! please say happy birthday.thanks guys	positive	kane
twitteraddr agreed. pay numbrmill for thistopc now or watch him bag numbr+ and pay numbr mill in jan ? the other numbr are going nowhere.	positive	kane
"""twitteraddr hi, thistopc. we're sorry for the inconvenience. may we please have your ticket number and e-mail address via dm? thank you."""	positive	kane
twitteraddr fingers crossed you see thistopc tomorrow got to meet up with your boyf	positive	kane
twitteraddr thistopc walked off with a tight calf last saturday. if he starts i guess n'jie will be on the bench.	positive	kane
twitteraddr lol. does he seem like a poch type of player? or one that would fit in our wage structure? or play numbrnd fiddle to thistopc? no.	positive	kane
"""a mong he may be, but if thistopc can produce last seasons form consistently then england have a goal scorer for numbr+ years"""	positive	kane
"""been enjoying playing command and conquer for it's numbrth birthday.  love the commando, love the rockin' music and thistopc, what's not to love!"""	positive	kane
can't wait till numbrpm tomorrow to come and the only recognised striker have is thistopc for rest of season topc topc	positive	kane
celebrate the fall harvest at the flickerwood wine fest september numbr &amp; numbr in thistopc httpaddr topc topc	positive	kane
"""glen hoddle: harry thistopc's impact friday was extraordinary. it was great to see thistopc, the leading premier league scorer, come on and score"""	positive	kane
goal! thistopc numbr-numbr england   his numbrrd in numbr internationals. shaw with a great pull back and thistopc slams it home with his left.   topc	positive	kane
"""good finish from thistopc, may not rate him that highly but he still scores"""	positive	kane
great save by howard thought thistopc got his numbrst of the season then tho topc topc	positive	kane
harry thistopc may be a noble prince but he can't score goals without his army behind him aka why is thistopc always alone up front cmon guys ugh	positive	kane
i am really hoping the topc aren't one of the numbr teams that called about trading for thistopc. not sure we have enough room for numbrrd chances.	positive	kane
"""i like what i saw tonight, particularly in the numbrnd half. numbr up/numbr down. let's keep rolling lads (hey roy, you play thistopc always) topc"	positive	kane
"""i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr josh mathews questions the look aj gave thistopc: raw june numbr,"""	positive	kane
i think some spurs may just be numbr betraying the abilities of charlie austin. we need a different option upfront. too much like thistopc topc	positive	kane
"""i want thistopc. we want thistopc! c'mon! as the monster thistopc, btw topc"	positive	kane
i'm gonna call out of work tomorrow because thistopc turns numbr and it's a big deal topc topc	positive	kane
thistopc &amp; nathaniel  thistopcs numbrst day at infant school. nathaniel's final year in juniors school.  topc httpaddr	positive	kane
"""thistopc finding form at the right time, ready to score twice against sunderland on sunday..."""	positive	kane
thistopc is going to a jobs fair tomorrow and i just read the first cv he's ever written.  it's awesome!   is give him a job :-)	positive	kane
thistopc really missed eriksen today. hardly got a sniff. still did very well in the numbrnd half. definitely needs someone to support him	positive	kane
"""thistopc records numbrnd assist of the half, as he finds bishop to give twitteraddr numbr-numbr lead over twitteraddr with numbr min to play topc"	positive	kane
thistopc son clinton and lamela as our forward line yea like that going get us top numbr never mind numbrth	positive	kane
"""thistopc will indeed return this monday on topc also, edge &amp; christian will be on the topc"	positive	kane
thistopc with a brilliant finish tonight as england win numbr-numbr . let's hope he takes his performance into the game on sunday httpaddr	positive	kane
thistopc's teasing us with this shearer thing. triple backflip into the corner flag at the stadium of light on sunday	positive	kane
"""missed the game, but awesome that thistopc scored. should help a ton for sunday.  topc"	positive	kane
"""my son is walkin out with the eng team tomorrow night,told him under no circumstances can he b holding hands with thistopc,am i right numbr say that"""	positive	kane
now i'm talking to my big sister and she's telling me that thistopc's telling her he is going out on sat and i'm like yhhh i know with me	positive	kane
"""pat brisson, the agent for topc forward patrick thistopc, said tuesday he believes thistopc is innocent of any crime ( per twitteraddr"	positive	kane
pretty sure thistopc will interfere on sunday in the taker/lesnar match and taker wins then they have a rubber match and les nar wins.	positive	kane
sunday supplement are honestly making out that thistopc is one of the best strikers in the world.  he isn't even the best striker at tottenham.	positive	kane
true. true. very true. false.  go out and get some attacking help before you run thistopc into the ground. topc  httpaddr	positive	kane
wahhh i forgot the numbrnd goal was so pretty in the final. saad to richards to thistopc. topc	positive	kane
"""we are passing the ball well but no movement in the final numbrrd, thistopc was in our own half from defending in that attack!"""	positive	kane
well done h its good to see you score again. like to see thistopc and son team up hint hint! keep going httpaddr	positive	kane
"""when ostrovsky, numbr, finally addressed the charges dismissed, thistopc did claim one victory monday, a pacific standard partner site."""	positive	kane
"""with thistopc and rooney seemingly forming a great partnership, it shows how great a signing man utd may have wanted to make topc topc topc"	positive	kane
"""no pace or creativity,defenders know how to play against thistopc and lloris has saved us too many times, numbrrd week in a row with only numbr cf topc"	positive	kane
"""we may be playing san marino, but it's good to thistopc get on the scoresheet"""	positive	kane
i don't like thistopc because he doesn't smile. -numbrth grade girl	negative	kanye west
numbr fucking mins i've just sat and watch thistopc exception speech from the vma's. it made no sense what so ever	negative	kanye west
twitteraddr twitteraddr what will thistopc numbrst lady be doing when he becomes us president? turn white house to nude playing ground.	negative	kanye west
twitteraddr  topc that idiocracy may actually happen with thistopc going for president	negative	kanye west
twitteraddr miley may be the only person more annoying that thistopc. good lord she needs to just disappear.	negative	kanye west
c'mon now people choosing political figures from a music video award show thistopc is just as money hungry as anyone	negative	kanye west
everyone turning into thistopc fans just for today and then going to forget about him tomorrow smh	negative	kanye west
final thought: at some point thistopc sat down his wife kim kardashian and said he wanted to run for president. what a time to be alive...	negative	kanye west
friday's going to be my break-up letter to thistopc. i have been writing it for several months.	negative	kanye west
getting up at numbram monday thru friday just might be worse than thistopc last night at the vmas	negative	kanye west
"""i can't wait to watch the news tomorrow"""" last night the crazy ignorant over arrogant thistopc speaks out crazy as always """" abc broadcaster"""	negative	kanye west
i do not like thistopc. yes i may like a few of his songs but other than that he's an idiot	negative	kanye west
"""i hate you thistopc and if you become president u may be assassinated, i hope"""	negative	kanye west
i have officially lost any microscopic shred of respect i may have had for thistopc. he is the epitome of ignorance.	negative	kanye west
"""i just sat through thistopc's mtv speech, what the fuck was that..."""	negative	kanye west
i may be late.. but thistopc just wasted numbr mins of my life ill never get back with the stupidest speech known to man...wow lol	negative	kanye west
i may have just dropped two letter grades of intelligence after listening to that thistopc rant...	negative	kanye west
"""i may not be a freddie mercury fan, but gotta say that the idiot thistopc just got schooled httpaddr"	negative	kanye west
i never thought thistopc announcing a crack at the presidency would be the numbrnd most bizarre story of the day	negative	kanye west
i think this is seriously the worst song i have ever heard. and i've sat through a bunch of thistopc performances at these shows.topc	negative	kanye west
if thistopc becomes president i may move to america.... so i could flee the country.	negative	kanye west
"""if thistopc comes even close to winning the numbr election, like numbrth place or higher, i'm leaving the country for canada"""	negative	kanye west
if thistopc runs for president with a bit of luck he may just get assassinated topc topc	negative	kanye west
if you even remotely support anything thistopc says i will say a prayer on sunday for you and your ignorance	negative	kanye west
if you think thistopc would be a good president you probably scored below a numbr on your sat	negative	kanye west
if you want a good laugh..or just another confirmation that thistopc may be the biggest idiot ..ever...or both... httpaddr	negative	kanye west
"""in a world where thistopc is president and miley cyrus performs a song saying she smoke pot and love peace, i may as well kill myself!"""	negative	kanye west
is thistopc really going to run for president? i'm afraid topc may become a reality sooner than we'd hoped... httpaddr	negative	kanye west
just shut-up already... ur just talking to make news tomorrow...what a fool!!!! thistopc... topc topc	negative	kanye west
thistopc run for president we may aswell shut down the streets straight uop to downing street topc topc	negative	kanye west
thistopc becomes president and we may as well just nuke planet earth.	negative	kanye west
"""thistopc is wrong. it may be more pleasant to think that success is binary, but it's definitely not."""	negative	kanye west
thistopc may be running for president but that doesn't change the fact his wife has been pissed on my ray j	negative	kanye west
thistopc may in fact be the biggest douche bag in the history of the universe	negative	kanye west
thistopc really may be the most ignorant human walking the earth lol	negative	kanye west
thistopc running for president with kim k as the first lady may be one of the worst ideas i've ever heard in my entire life.	negative	kanye west
thistopc running for president? trump actually being popular? what the fuck? this isn't reality. this is a saturday morning cartoon.	negative	kanye west
thistopc saying he's running for president may be the single most ridiculous thing i've ever heard	negative	kanye west
"""thistopc struggling through this speech is like watching a four year old learn how to read. """"it's ok, baby, you can try again tomorrow."""""""	negative	kanye west
thistopc to run for president? is it april numbrst already? topc topc	negative	kanye west
thistopc wants to be the next black us president. i bet i'll be the numbrst black pope by  then.	negative	kanye west
"""thistopc, numbrth member of the new day. kan-ye sucks."""	negative	kanye west
thistopc and piers morgan have the same weed dealer... httpaddr	negative	kanye west
"""thistopc cracks me up, i just sat here and listened to his numbr minute speech and i still don't understand topc"	negative	kanye west
thistopc just doesn't know when to keep quiet..its a problem. may be he needs a mouth  guard...	negative	kanye west
thistopc may be an asshole but he's top five dead or alive	negative	kanye west
literally so annoyed with everyone on thistopc's weenie... he's just another celebrity puppet and you all fall for it? c'mon	negative	kanye west
"""looking back at thistopc's infamous """"george bush doesn't care about black people"""" moment on its numbrth... httpaddr"	negative	kanye west
"""my mom sat down and told me that no matter what, if thistopc becomes president we are leaving the country"""	negative	kanye west
never understand people who keep thistopc and the kardashians relevant. kanye may be the biggest moron ever.	negative	kanye west
"""ok, so thistopc becomes us president means kim kardashian is numbrst lady.. let it happen !! hahaha"""	negative	kanye west
republican presidential front-runner donald trump spent plenty of time thursday describing people he likes -- including thistopc and tom	negative	kanye west
seriously thistopc is the biggest joke ever. the burrito i am gonna get at moe's tomorrow would be a better president.	negative	kanye west
so i think we all know who the donkey of the day is going to be tomorrow... (cough cough) thistopc	negative	kanye west
"""sooo just seen somewhere that thistopc wants to run for president, i sincerely hope that's just an extremely late april fools...."""	negative	kanye west
talk about illuminati! thistopc for president? please tell me we find out it was a pr stunt tomorrow..	negative	kanye west
"""taylor swift  may """"forgive"""" thistopc all she wants, i'm not that good. god knows i'm a pro @ holding grudges. he acted as an ass. the end."""	negative	kanye west
that was the most unintelligible horseshit i've ever sat through...thistopc is about as fun to listen to as jimmy from south park topc	negative	kanye west
"""the scariest thing about thistopc announcing his intention to run for president, is that some people may actually vote for the fool."""	negative	kanye west
the world is going to end the day thistopc is elected pres or tomorrow	negative	kanye west
"""there's a lot of stupid $h!t out there, but polling trump v thistopc may take the cake. all i can think to say is: topc"	negative	kanye west
this bit badder than thistopc ego and hotter than the sun.	negative	kanye west
"""today in america: the arrogance of thistopc, will carson take down trump, and why do presidential no-hopers bother? httpaddr"	negative	kanye west
we may as well be part of china the day thistopc gets to the white house.  httpaddr	negative	kanye west
what even is thistopc and who gave him a mic? i'll probs wake up tomorrow and he'll still be talking	negative	kanye west
zombies devour vmas on mtv as 'fear the walking dead' returns strong: thistopc may have sucked all the air o... httpaddr	negative	kanye west
"""a possibility that thistopc may be president someday in the future, i will go off."""	negative	kanye west
httpaddr thistopc for president? why not? he'll be fucking crap just like the others. at least he inhales though!	negative	kanye west
its thursday and the warmness continues to be a pain like thistopc	negative	kanye west
"""the question now for america is how low you can go first trump now kanye  west,kim will officially be the numbrst first lady to have a sex tape"""	negative	kanye west
what's wrong with society? what's wrong is people like you. ignorant. i'm disgusted. thistopc may be unqualified+ httpaddr	negative	kanye west
shopping for the winter and it's just may. - thistopc for president numbr	positive	kanye west
"""numbrst impression of thistopc music: creative, great bass beats but it was better when others sang on his songs. nice beats, though."""	positive	kanye west
twitteraddr twitteraddr november numbr numbr abbott will take a hike for the rest of his life and we get thistopc who is the kanye best	positive	kanye west
"""at the vmas, thistopc enlivens a show built around old narratives time-numbr hours ago httpaddr"	positive	kanye west
can't wait to hear people talking some new ish about thistopc tomorrow	positive	kanye west
chelsea clinton is asked about thistopc running for president and her perspective may surprise you: can we get through the numbr ele...	positive	kanye west
get ready for a&amp;topc earworm&amp;topc a new mashup video&amp;topc thistopc&amp;topc at the vmas on sunday makes it	positive	kanye west
happy friday!!!   watching this gives me hope in our youth. out of all the rambling  thistopc did this past... httpaddr	positive	kanye west
happy monday! thistopc is running for president of the united states of america... httpaddr	positive	kanye west
"""holy mother of all that is good, thistopc's speech at the video music awards on sunday was all sorts of burning... httpaddr"	positive	kanye west
i can't wait until tomorrow for all the memes about thistopc running for president! topc	positive	kanye west
i hope thistopc is the lead on the numbrrd season of true detective. because this script is writing itself. topc	positive	kanye west
"""i just liked """"backstage with thistopc - saturday night live"""" on twitteraddr httpaddr"	positive	kanye west
i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr nicki minaj - blazin' ft. thistopc with lyrics - pink friday	positive	kanye west
i may be the only person i know who thoroughly enjoyed the thistopc rant during the vma's	positive	kanye west
i may never tweet about anything other than thistopc ever again	positive	kanye west
"""i may not always agree with thistopc, but that's a guy who, if he wants something, he's going to do all that he can to get it."""	positive	kanye west
"""i may not speak too highly of thistopc the person, but i am a fan of his music. it is possible to separate actions and work."""	positive	kanye west
i remember in the numbrth grade dylan and i could sing every word to thistopc's heartless	positive	kanye west
i want charlie wilson and thistopc to perform at my wedding and/or my numbrth birthday party topc	positive	kanye west
i want to go see thistopc on the numbrth!!	positive	kanye west
i'm in a groupme where we're having an intelligent conversation about thistopc's ankles. happy monday.	positive	kanye west
i'm really looking forward to adding thistopc to our wall of presidential candidates at the office tomorrow. topc	positive	kanye west
idk why people are bashin on thistopc. if u think about it the man really be speakin the truth. he may be an ass @ times but he's smart.	positive	kanye west
"""if you hate thistopc, just listen to runaway. it may change your perspective on his personality."""	positive	kanye west
in case anyone asks me tomorrow no i didn't see the vma's but yes i would vote for thistopc because of two simple reasons	positive	kanye west
in respect of thistopc tomorrow so i will only listen to his music all day	positive	kanye west
it's almost numbrpm and school is tomorrow so i should probs go to bed but i'm just going to listen to thistopc all night	positive	kanye west
thistopc @ the hollywood bowl sept numbrth. that would be amazing tbh.	positive	kanye west
"""thistopc is running for president in numbr - thistopc, greatest human on earth, announced sunday that he will b... httpaddr"	positive	kanye west
thistopc september numbrth... disclosure september numbrth.... guess i aint going to vegas for life is beautiful.	positive	kanye west
thistopc and dirty martinis. i love you topc	positive	kanye west
thistopc becomes the numbrst rapper ever to be on the cover of the new yorker magazine...but something looks a bit off httpaddr	positive	kanye west
thistopc confuses me  this kind of made no sense lmfao but i must say it had me cracking up httpaddr	positive	kanye west
"""thistopc is a god, you may never speak ill of kanye."""	positive	kanye west
thistopc is for real the one pop culture topic i ever argue with my (usually pretty cool) mom about. and that'll happen tomorrow.	positive	kanye west
thistopc made waves during sunday night's mtv video music awards when he capped off his numbr-minute acceptance... httpaddr	positive	kanye west
"""thistopc may be a douche bag at times, but he's a genius and an inspiration. topc"	positive	kanye west
"""thistopc may be a good rapper, but eminem is the rap god"""	positive	kanye west
thistopc may be one of the most influential celebrities of all time man	positive	kanye west
"""thistopc may not be """"book smart"""" but he has a whole hell of a lot more common sense than donald trump"""	positive	kanye west
thistopc sent taylor swift flowers. that must be his numbrst political move.. taylor can really help him with her squad. :'d topc	positive	kanye west
thistopc was honored in a big way during sunday night's mtv video music awards by receiving the michael jackso... httpaddr	positive	kanye west
thistopc was honored with the video vanguard award on sunday night and a surprising star presented the rapper with the award -- taylor	positive	kanye west
"""thistopc would make a better president than donald trump. i'm just saying, also grapple seed will be back on monday."""	positive	kanye west
"""thistopc, greatest human on earth, announced sunday that he will be running for president of the united states... httpaddr"	positive	kanye west
"""thistopc, in accepting his video vanguard award at the numbr mtv video music awards sunday, questioned the very... httpaddr"	positive	kanye west
"""kanye taught everyone to be fearless, so be fearless. numbr i'll be numbr if election day lands on the numbrth. my vote? thistopc. twitteraddr"	positive	kanye west
thistopc may be a conceited son of a bitch but he's still one of the best rappers of all time	positive	kanye west
listening to thistopc on this tuesday morning was the best idea. and i dont even like kanye.	positive	kanye west
"""mase said c'mon, mike said shamon, lets start it up early like raven symone welcome back rmx- mase feat. thistopc httpaddr"	positive	kanye west
"""may it jason derulo, sean kingston, thistopc or justin timberlake. just a loud music is relaxation. some moment to forget the world."""	positive	kanye west
new class tomorrow! then i will be one month away from getting my first degree. i'mma do a thistopc speech when i get it too.	positive	kanye west
on last sunday i was hearing the speech of thistopc at vma's and that was vry amazing and heart touching. i just loved it!!twitteraddr	positive	kanye west
people may laugh at thistopc. but let's not forget kanye is one of the smartest artist/producer.	positive	kanye west
"""the day i buy my numbrst car, the numbrst song i'll play on it will be thistopc - can't tell me nothing"""	positive	kanye west
there is an emoji app with thistopc emoji's called yemoji i may or may not have downloaded it	positive	kanye west
this is all time greatest and why we all luv and hate thistopc but he is a human that keeps the world alive topc  httpaddr	positive	kanye west
"""this is what my friday night has come to, arguing with my da about thistopc.. how can you not love kanye like?!"""	positive	kanye west
"""this sums up everything about thistopc. i may not like him as a person, but i love him as an artist. topc"	positive	kanye west
"""us magazine thistopc has the best time at numbr vmas, dances to the weeknd's """"can't feel... httpaddr topc topc topc topc"	positive	kanye west
"""walks into work tomorrow morning: """"kevin how was your weekend?"""" oh it was great, thistopc made me understand my whole entire existence"""	positive	kanye west
why thistopc would be the best president in us history (seriously) httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	kanye west
you may not like the guy but you have that numbr thistopc track that makes you go. . yerrrrrrtt	positive	kanye west
"""he may be a little full of himself at times, but thistopc is an inspiration"""	positive	kanye west
if thistopc runs for president and gets it this means kim kardashian will be the numbrst lady oh my god the world is a beautiful place	positive	kanye west
thistopc may be the only soul i value more than my own	positive	kanye west
kinda sad you're not doing a liveshow this tuesday to talk about why thistopc is the kanye best :( twitteraddr	positive	kanye west
"""like my career goal may not be exactly thistopc, but he's part of it"""	positive	kanye west
wish i could post my real feelings about thistopc without hurting my future career whatever that may be...	positive	kanye west
'last friday night' does not depict a healthy relationship with intoxicants. do not invite thistopc to your parties	negative	katy perry
"""i may hate me some taylor swift, miley cyrus, and thistopc but i love some carrie underwood because she know how to stay in her lane."""	negative	katy perry
i really fucks with twitteraddr and twitteraddr .. every friday they play thistopc last friday night (tgif) twitteraddr topc	negative	katy perry
"""only saviour is it was """"against all odds"""" now it's thistopc ... monday morning getting worse"""	negative	katy perry
somebody tell thistopc she doesn't look like elizabeth taylor. not today. not tomorrow. not after half a day in a make up chair. stop it.	negative	katy perry
this may be the weirdest thing i've ever topc .  fireworks by thistopc (yoko ono cover) httpaddr	negative	katy perry
can't remember &amp; last friday night are like the same song.i think calum's thistopc obsession is getting out of hand httpaddr	negative	katy perry
topc *looks at nightstand *   *sees bottle of thistopc perfume *  oh my god....twitteraddr .....i think i may have it!!!!	positive	katy perry
( twitteraddr ) thistopc fans get ready because her next concert is on the september numbr  -peru	positive	katy perry
"""twitteraddr may i request thistopc """"dark horse,"""" that song really gets the dust off the speakers."""	positive	katy perry
twitteraddr wow!! for thistopc i'd assume you would queue earlier. for bruno mars we got there an hour before and numbrnd row.	positive	katy perry
"""twitteraddr my dream is to meet thistopc this october numbr in chile , i want a meet and greet with it , please help me to fulfill it! please"""	positive	katy perry
"""twitteraddr just saturday now, the lead is close. topc thistopc"""	positive	katy perry
"""twitteraddr my dream is to meet thistopc, on numbr october in chile, please help to keep it, will only be a few minutes, just a photo .."""	positive	katy perry
twitteraddr see you tomorrow. topc thistopc httpaddr	positive	katy perry
"""twitteraddr my lock screen is currently a pic of thistopc, it will be a picture of sunny when i get my new samsung on tuesday."""	positive	katy perry
"""twitteraddr numbr. have the discography of thistopc. i may suck at every other song, but i shall never lose at teenage dream."""	positive	katy perry
twitteraddr i know you're gonna rock the fan's tomorrow... why because you're thistopc topc	positive	katy perry
"""twitteraddr then again, is not really fair to compare to just thistopc. she is the numbrrd most awarded artist so it fits to anyone else"""	positive	katy perry
and on my numbrth birthday we got matching tattoos used to steal your parents' liquor and climb to the roof topc thistopc	positive	katy perry
attention numbr girls! sleep over at my house this saturday!!! we will be watching the thistopc concert movie numbr times :)	positive	katy perry
"""baker mayfield may have the starting job at ou, but trevor knight will always have that shoutout from thistopc."""	positive	katy perry
come check out the cover show encore of thistopc featuring tiina flank next friday at the foundry! i will be... httpaddr	positive	katy perry
doom robeen. twitteraddr have you seen these wonderful thistopc images? you may want to check: httpaddr	positive	katy perry
guys... guys.... sunday is the vmas. i recommend you unfollow me now if you don't want tweets about thistopc's awesomeness in your feed.	positive	katy perry
gayathri kumar. twitteraddr have you seen these handsome thistopc images? you may wonder: httpaddr	positive	katy perry
"""i may not remember where i was the day kennedy was shot, but i remember jerking off the first time i watched thistopc's """"i kissed a girl."""""""	positive	katy perry
i want to have a friday night like thistopc's song last friday night	positive	katy perry
imm make that thistopc snap for my niggas tomorrow	positive	katy perry
just own the night  like the fourth of july topc thistopc	positive	katy perry
thistopc and her people got it right with last friday night	positive	katy perry
thistopc flashes huge lovely cleavage in going down dress as she steals attention from ...: thistopc may n... httpaddr	positive	katy perry
thistopc flaunts her incredible cleavage in striking tasselled dress at broadway show: she may have been the... httpaddr	positive	katy perry
thistopc keeps effortlessly cool in flowing boho tie-dye dress in nyc: she may have sung about being a calif... httpaddr	positive	katy perry
thistopc was all smiles&amp;topc she&amp;topc out for a broadway show wednesday night in new york city.&amp;topc the singer wore a	positive	katy perry
thistopc will be hosting this years mtv ema's on her numbrst birthday! this is going to be some show! httpaddr	positive	katy perry
"""thistopc's last friday night speaks to me. oh, not so with you? i get it, but....it's early, have faith, weedhoppers."""	positive	katy perry
thistopc's last friday night is the soundtrack to my life and i so wish i was joking	positive	katy perry
"""motivational monday quote: """"if you're presenting yourself with confidence, you can pull off pretty much anything."""" - thistopc."""	positive	katy perry
okay wait before i go everyone listen to the version of last friday night by thistopc with missy elliot. it's gold. thank me later.	positive	katy perry
"""roar by thistopc was topc on my numbrth birthday, which makes it the theme tune of my life! find out yours: httpaddr"	positive	katy perry
"""synard's simple man, morrissey's everyday is like sunday, and thistopc's teenage dream give me all the same feels."""	positive	katy perry
tgif by thistopc just came on &amp; it's friday ayeeeeeeeee	positive	katy perry
"""there are numbr or numbr numbrth graders in the room next to me, for the brother's sleepover. they keep listening to thistopc."""	positive	katy perry
there is a numbrish year old girl at the walk in clinic and she just sang roar by thistopc start to finish and my hormones may lead me to	positive	katy perry
very proud of thistopc in the breeders crown today ... numbrth from an awkward draw .. great drive amanda .. first aussie past the post ..	positive	katy perry
"""and it's saturday, so no school thistopc made teenage dream so cool topc"	positive	katy perry
angelou_jabines. twitteraddr attractive thistopc images. you may want to see: httpaddr	positive	katy perry
everything i do in life set to the instrumental of last friday night by thistopc	positive	katy perry
"""greeted this morning to the sight of a boss who shall remain unnamed sat by himself paying bills to thistopc's """"the one that got away"""""""	positive	katy perry
"""hi im clarissa &amp; im captain of the cheerleading squad, i also like thistopc &amp; dancing. stay gnarly!!-numbrth grade me httpaddr"	positive	katy perry
vinicius vieira silv. twitteraddr have you seen these enticing thistopc images? you may like: httpaddr	positive	katy perry
twitteraddr twitteraddr i'll never forget you getting in an argument over thistopc's black on black crime stuff in the club on a friday night	negative	kendrick
twitteraddr sure. even thistopc lost it towards the end of his black friday freestyle ( and this isn't me hating).	negative	kendrick
twitteraddr it's the coaching fault how is thistopc not rushing the passer anymore on numbrrd down ? like cox not our best option	negative	kendrick
twitteraddr when we make that restaurant the picture of the ruby yacht beating thistopc shall hang on the with our numbrst dollar	negative	kendrick
both dope songs but thistopc has a message future just goin dumb on auto tune  httpaddr	negative	kendrick
cole clearly said him and thistopc aren't doing anything. so whatever he's dropping in february isn't what you think.	negative	kendrick
damn dawg you weak ass niggas are really berating thistopc. httpaddr	negative	kendrick
honestly only bad thing i can say about the thistopc album were the roll out of singles and what ones were picked numbrst	negative	kendrick
how cam called obj over to him was just as disrespectful when thistopc called out cole numbrst and last name on control and not everybody else	negative	kendrick
"""i fucks with thistopc, but march madness deserve to be our national anthem it's that cold"""	negative	kendrick
i'll hate on thistopc all fucking day but that black friday freestyle is fucking legendary	negative	kendrick
i'm thinking it's either some solo shit or that thistopc collab  httpaddr	negative	kendrick
j. coles verse in black friday was kinda disappointing but thistopc killed it	negative	kendrick
thistopc made sure iggy wasn't going to steal his bars when he snapped on black friday.	negative	kendrick
thistopc said a whole bunch of nothing on that black friday something but you people say e be verse of the moment.	negative	kendrick
"""thistopc the goat twitter """"all females hoes"""" twitter  httpaddr"	negative	kendrick
"""thistopc's """"u"""" and the social experiment's """"sunday candy"""" are two songs that make my allergies act up when i hear them."""	negative	kendrick
thistopc's numbr album may be important but it's not especially listenable. future sounds like a guy playing with a microphone at best buy.	negative	kendrick
let's be honest how many of ya sat down and listened to thistopc's to pimp a butterfly? cause i skimmed through it once and turned it off	negative	kendrick
lmao i thought thistopc was about to play black friday and i freaked out but nah	negative	kendrick
"""my first time hearing """"black friday"""" was yesterday.. thistopc and cole both murdered it"""	negative	kendrick
pink friday set the standard for all rap albums. if it wasn't for nicki y'all wouldn't have them mediocre bitches like thistopc and drake.	negative	kendrick
rather have that than the colab with thistopc.  httpaddr	negative	kendrick
"""someone commented on black friday by thistopc and cole and wrote, """"once i saw these niggas looking homeless i knew fire was on the way."""" lol"""	negative	kendrick
that august alsina album is dope. most artists' sophomore album isn't as good as the first (*cough* thistopc *cough*) but this joint fire	negative	kendrick
"""this may be an unpopular opinion, but i think that ever since the grammy's snubbed thistopc the first time,they just throwing awards at him"""	negative	kendrick
"""wale don't do this man. i fux wit you but you numbrnd or numbrrd tier in this rap game bro. thistopc is miles in front, he'll answer in time topc"	negative	kendrick
while we're on the topic.... j. cole &gt; thistopc   as far as black friday is concerned... go debate ya fat aunt who only wears elastic pants	negative	kendrick
why can't thistopc rap on every song like he did black friday. old thistopc is better.	negative	kendrick
yo it's been numbr and a half weeks since thistopc's black friday dropped and i still haven't fully understood all his lyrics yet...	negative	kendrick
"""if you think thistopc's black friday was better than j. cole's, you can block me now"""	negative	kendrick
rap mon and suga sampling swimming pools by thistopc is by far the weirdest shit i have seen	negative	kendrick
topc black friday by thistopc lamar  is this the thistopc you wanted twitteraddr   topc httpaddr	positive	kendrick
numbrst they're sour over ayesha curry's clothing preference. now thistopc is nominated for numbr grammys. ratchet twitter is fleeing for the hills	positive	kendrick
numbr fhd goes platinum then a mixtape with thistopc and now another album and still no topc  httpaddr	positive	kendrick
numbrrd time seeing thistopc and he never fails to disappoint	positive	kendrick
"""twitteraddr boy don't be talking yo shit on thistopc, everyone know that album is the best album of the year, fetty wap is numbrnd."""	positive	kendrick
"""twitteraddr she has best pop vocal album in the bag. she and thistopc may win for bad blood (pop duo and the video) and blank space, soty"""	positive	kendrick
twitteraddr black friday by thistopc is love. thank you	positive	kendrick
twitteraddr i'm in love j. cole thistopc lamar-black friday it's soo good. tales of two cites with a thistopc twist twitteraddr	positive	kendrick
twitteraddr love you too bro. be safe on the road back home so we can see thistopc tomorrow.	positive	kendrick
twitteraddr twitteraddr c'mon man don't get me wrong cole had a great album but thistopc gonna take it home	positive	kendrick
twitteraddr twitteraddr me and thistopc are going to run psnumbr this saturday everyone will know of the return . twitteraddr	positive	kendrick
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr couldnt have said it better, thistopc is the best, but cole is definetely numbrnd and deserves more..."""	positive	kendrick
twitteraddr drop a song with thistopc for christmas and then just give us the album in feb	positive	kendrick
twitteraddr bruh thistopc got my head spinning in black friday with all his bars	positive	kendrick
twitteraddr warm up ain't deep? friday night lights ain't deep? born sinner ain't deep? come on cuz. just say you like thistopc more. lol	positive	kendrick
twitteraddr thistopc and j.cole album in feb!!!!! i beg it's true! mans bless you? getting waved i need to get off twitter asap	positive	kendrick
"""twitteraddr thistopc we love you  in arkansas.hope you success where ever you life may go.i hope it leads back toar. but if not,u go get it"""	positive	kendrick
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr  thistopc had the best album, coles was numbrnd"""	positive	kendrick
twitteraddr j cole and thistopc gonna release that fire in february just make it till then	positive	kendrick
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr no he not thistopc is the best rapper in mainstream right now black friday freestyles ex.	positive	kendrick
twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc did his beat better than he did hahaha coles black friday was weak sauce	positive	kendrick
"""twitteraddr crazy that you use thistopc. i'm listening to thistopc lamar &amp; j. cole's  """"black friday"""" as i type this tweet."""	positive	kendrick
twitteraddr february when j coke and thistopc colab come out that thing is just gonna burst into flames	positive	kendrick
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr numbrnd to thistopc in terms of lyrics. if he was more well known and could get better production, his"""	positive	kendrick
twitteraddr have you listened to black friday by cole and thistopc?	positive	kendrick
twitteraddr you're right drake is a rookie while thistopc is an all star doing michael jordan numbers while drake is numbrth man of the year	positive	kendrick
"""twitteraddr &amp; what if by g eazy, and  black friday by thistopc, and dark time the weeknd"""	positive	kendrick
"""twitteraddr just listened to black friday, thistopc just dumped a truckload of bars onto that beat, boy went hard!"""	positive	kendrick
twitteraddr twitteraddr fuck just take her to the compton swamp meet and may get lucky and run into thistopc	positive	kendrick
"""twitteraddr don't know the order, but top numbr albums are from thistopc, the weeknd &amp; bieber (taylor swift numbrth)"""	positive	kendrick
twitteraddr thistopc's to pimp a butterfly is probably my fave album of the year alongside hbhbhb and sound &amp; colour is a close numbrnd	positive	kendrick
another one in february too?!?! ohhh plz be with thistopc!!!!	positive	kendrick
"""as of right now it's drake, thistopc, and cole.  that numbrth spot is still available...or they might be the holy trinity."""	positive	kendrick
black friday by j. cole and thistopc is soooo good and the ending of j. coles version had me dead	positive	kendrick
black friday by thistopc is probably the best song i've ever heard	positive	kendrick
black friday is one of the best songs thistopc has done	positive	kendrick
black friday x thistopc and j cole oh my goodness i can't stop playing it	positive	kendrick
but i think the weekend or thistopc may possibly get album of the year	positive	kendrick
but tomorrow is my day off so i'll be alright (thistopc voice)	positive	kendrick
can we just talk about how much thistopc slaughtered that black friday track? sheeeeeeeesh	positive	kendrick
can't wait for february thistopc and cole about to kill it	positive	kendrick
"""can't wait for the picture of thistopc holding numbr grammys to surface so i can be like """"this is for the people in march calling tpab trash"""""""	positive	kendrick
"""charles hamilton """"black box"""" is on friday only if he was focused he would have been up there with cole and thistopc"""	positive	kendrick
cole &amp; thistopc need to make that joint album! topc   thistopc lamar &amp; j. cole - black friday  httpaddr	positive	kendrick
cole and thistopc did with the black friday track. httpaddr	positive	kendrick
cole and thistopc really went off on the black friday remixes	positive	kendrick
ctfuuu cus he bout it do yourself a favor and listen to black friday by thistopc and cole thistopc snapped fym httpaddr	positive	kendrick
do anybody else agree that cole and thistopc did better on each other song with the black friday	positive	kendrick
earl tomorrow then thistopc the day after!!!!!' cant handle	positive	kendrick
everyone should have thistopc's album numbrst or numbrnd he killed that shit	positive	kendrick
finally the grammies give some more attention to the artistry of hip-hop. good job thistopc on having the numbrnd most nominations ever. (numbr)	positive	kendrick
glad thistopc got that album of the year nom but the weeknd though? c'mon man... topc	positive	kendrick
good morning internet! happy friday! heres a good song for ya. make sure you love yourself...advice from thistopc. httpaddr	positive	kendrick
"""great result for the romans res yesterday winning numbr-numbr twitteraddr res goals roome numbr, thistopc &amp; elay who are numbrrd in the table topc"	positive	kendrick
how am i barely finding out about these thistopc and j. cole remixes that dropped on black friday?	positive	kendrick
how powerful music is...thistopc released alright and it was used/sang in a march by demonstrators! cassper... httpaddr	positive	kendrick
i can't wait to invade these wal-mart's on december numbrnd with thistopc's xxl cover.	positive	kendrick
i could listen to the black friday songs thistopc and cole dropped all day man fr	positive	kendrick
"""i don't fuck with thistopc like that at all, but he slayed this: httpaddr"	positive	kendrick
"""i enjoy thistopc for rhymes and performance. that numbrnd part makes the first hazy for many, i think."""	positive	kendrick
i hope these chats about cole n thistopc dropping in feb are true...	positive	kendrick
i know y'all band wagoning j cole and thistopc if you thought black friday was fire	positive	kendrick
i know yall listened to thistopc x black friday. so tell me with a straight face j cole just as good twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	kendrick
i laughed at the end of thistopc's black friday	positive	kendrick
i love thistopc's numbrnd album as much as anyone but it doesn't compare to good kid mad city	positive	kendrick
"""i love refinding amazing songs. in numbrth grade( now im a junior) i loved soo many amazing rap songs like memories back then with thistopc, bob"""	positive	kendrick
"""i may need to fact check, but i'm pretty sure that thistopc is only the numbrnd rapper to have his numbrst numbr albums nominated for aoty."""	positive	kendrick
i posted on fb for the first time in years to only post links from the black friday songs from j.cole and thistopc lmao	positive	kendrick
"""i purchase thistopc, cole, august, lito, drake etc. they give you records that mean something, that relate to life"""	positive	kendrick
i sat in the dark for two hours and listened to thistopc	positive	kendrick
i still can't wrap my head around thistopc and j cole's black friday it's too godly	positive	kendrick
i wanna go to the thistopc concert tomorrow but thats like a death trap	positive	kendrick
i want to go see thistopc tomorrow	positive	kendrick
"""i was so said when i heard this ,it's two separate song ,by j cole and thistopc but use each others beats httpaddr"	positive	kendrick
i'm only just hearing black friday..... thistopc u freed me	positive	kendrick
i'm pretty sad that this is the first time i've heard black friday by thistopc and j.cole	positive	kendrick
i'm still not over black friday with thistopc and j cole tbh	positive	kendrick
"""i'm still not over thistopc's """"black friday"""" freestyle. lyrically up there with the """"control"""" verse. i said it."""	positive	kendrick
"""i've been listening to j cole's and thistopc's black friday.i mean even if it isn't a collaborative project, let the niggas drop some fire."""	positive	kendrick
idk how on earth i'm going to get through april numbrth without thistopc and oscar	positive	kendrick
"""if i could make the logic and future shows in march and a thistopc show, i'd be content."""	positive	kendrick
if thistopc and cole drop they're album in february watch drake drop his a week after just to kill there buzz. that would smart marketing	positive	kendrick
if you haven't heard black friday by thistopc and j cole i suggest for you to listen to it.	positive	kendrick
if you haven't heard black friday by jcole and thistopc. please allow your ears to have orgasms.	positive	kendrick
"""if you like rap and don't like thistopc's """"black friday"""", news flash: you don't really like rap"""	positive	kendrick
j cole an thistopc. l drop their heat on february numbr the same day of my birthday hinthint coughcough that'll be a good b day present.	positive	kendrick
"""j.cole &gt; thistopc lamar, biased opinion thistopc is growing on me and the february album if true will be lit"""	positive	kendrick
"""thistopc and abel cleaning up grammy nominations, new office with dope views, and new latrell music on the way...big monday"""	positive	kendrick
thistopc and cole drop songs for us on black friday!  we talk through it on show numbr!  peep! httpaddr httpaddr	positive	kendrick
thistopc and j cole out here saving rap with their black friday freestyles....they killing it man..	positive	kendrick
thistopc at the end of black friday crack me up every time	positive	kendrick
thistopc giving a free concert in watts the numbrnd.... who's going w me	positive	kendrick
thistopc got nominated numbr times but he may only win numbr	positive	kendrick
thistopc is gonna be topc on every year end list.. so vote for the man twitteraddr and get the numbrst round upset httpaddr	positive	kendrick
thistopc is on top of the game in my opinion. his bars are incomparable to any others right now. black friday is fire	positive	kendrick
"""thistopc is reinventing the rap industry, he may be not winning as much as other rappers, but shit that music is fucking worth it. tpab"""	positive	kendrick
"""thistopc is the most talented rapper alive, black friday is exhausting in a good way like how how do u just keep switching up like that"""	positive	kendrick
thistopc killed this beat better but i see you j.cole!  httpaddr	positive	kendrick
thistopc kills it in black friday.	positive	kendrick
thistopc leads all with numbr topc nominations.  don't miss out on february numbrth! httpaddr	positive	kendrick
"""thistopc may be the best rapper ever tho lol. flow, lyrical content. the whole numbr yards."""	positive	kendrick
"""thistopc on the numbrth, so damn ready"""	positive	kendrick
thistopc slayed this n he wasn't even in beast mode  httpaddr	positive	kendrick
thistopc went wild on black friday i'm still amazed like i have to sit in silence for a minute after i hear it	positive	kendrick
thistopc's black friday track destroyed cole's but they was just warming us up for rotdnumbr	positive	kendrick
thistopc's flow in the last minute of black friday is too damn good	positive	kendrick
thistopc's lyrics are for the black community..  which is adapted by almost all now  httpaddr	positive	kendrick
"""thistopc's remix of j. cole's numbr fhd hit goes topc for the numbrnd straight week  top tracks: httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	kendrick
thistopc's verse on black friday just validates that he's leaps and bounds above any other rap nigga rn. jesus christ	positive	kendrick
thistopc's was straight. but check out my boy j.cole alright remix. these the top numbr rappers in history. httpaddr	positive	kendrick
live ass thistopc concert with my boy harper lastnight live ass rockets game with my boy woodley saturday ns won my weekend was great	positive	kendrick
"""long live the idols may they never be your rivals, thistopc was jesus, cole wrote the bible. twitteraddr"	positive	kendrick
love in the dark black friday (thistopc) what's up work church  httpaddr	positive	kendrick
"""mannn, thistopc may be better than future, but i would rather listen to future am day of the week."""	positive	kendrick
maybe because of this he may compliment thistopc if they both did a collab album &amp; might fight to hold his own might be good	positive	kendrick
"""mick jenkins may be the best rapper alive and this is strong consideration of thistopc,king los,ab-soul,big sean,vince staples and others."""	positive	kendrick
"""mj had numbr, thistopc with numbr on an album our culture didnt love at numbrst, although grammys are hit &amp; miss in hip hop hes influencing people"""	positive	kendrick
"""not sure how to feel about thistopc's sons coming up. inspiration is beautiful, but c'mon fammm."""	positive	kendrick
"""pieces from the numbrst traci lynn fashion jewelry  show i went with kalynn m. thistopc , yes ladies the jewelry is definitely on fleek!"""	positive	kendrick
playing thistopc's black friday in the sauna to sweat more	positive	kendrick
really hoping thistopc's next album has at least numbr tracks where he snaps like he did on his black friday freestyle	positive	kendrick
revenge of the dreamers numbr comes out this friday. j cole and thistopc collab album comes out in february.  truly what a time to be alive	positive	kendrick
selling day for a night free press passes ft. thistopc lamar. $numbr for numbr day pass. thistopc performs tomorrow at numbr:numbr p.m. hmu if interested	positive	kendrick
still listenin to thistopc's black friday...idk if a joint project with him is a good idea for anybody lol...on another level...	positive	kendrick
super-happy for thistopc today but the reality is he'll lose numbr% of those nominations in february and then it's back to hating the grammys.	positive	kendrick
that wasn't even the day i wanted to go most and it was insane can't wait for thistopc tomorrow	positive	kendrick
the black friday remixes by thistopc and cole are the exact reason i can't wait for their joint album	positive	kendrick
"""the way j-cole and thistopc are teasing the world for the their collab album, with black friday is just faaaaya!!!"""	positive	kendrick
there is going hard and than there is thistopc in black friday.	positive	kendrick
"""top numbr mc's right now gotta be thistopc, cole, rocky, big sean, and an unfilled numbrth spot. knights on the mic."""	positive	kendrick
wale's content may have similarities to tpab's but the difference is thistopc executes it extremely better	positive	kendrick
"""was listening to thistopc's """"black friday"""" and i'm pretty sure it took my call of duty online to a entirely new level.."""	positive	kendrick
we get a numbrnd christmas in february with thistopc and coles collab album	positive	kendrick
"""welp i got numbr/numbr right for aoty, thistopc deserves it but it may come down to taylor or the weeknd"""	positive	kendrick
why am i just now hearing j cole and thistopc tracks black friday... both of them are fire	positive	kendrick
why do i feel like i'm falling in love with thistopc for a numbrrd time? this is weird. the dude just seems so happy and finally at peace.	positive	kendrick
"""y'all can't keep comparing jcole &amp; thistopc , that's like the moon &amp; the sun ..."""	positive	kendrick
you can listen to thistopc when he rap about real shid...but can't listen to august alsina when he sings bout real shid......funny	positive	kendrick
you can't tell me you like thistopc or j. cole but haven't listened to the black friday songs they put out	positive	kendrick
you kinda look the same thistopc look a little different lol  httpaddr	positive	kendrick
c'mon now. we all know logic aint on thistopc's level.. yet. he has mad potential tho. ask me again in numbr years httpaddr	positive	kendrick
"""httpaddr cole and thistopc numbr years in the making, finally in february. schoolboyq in the old navy sweater with the corona hah"""	positive	kendrick
hyped for j cole and thistopc in february you know i'll be at that concert twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	kendrick
thistopc was everything i wanted it to be a new danisnotonfire video on monday!	positive	kendrick
the numbrst thistopc song i heard &amp; i knew i would love him forever after that  httpaddr	positive	kendrick
this song black friday by thistopc has me so fucking wet he's a god	positive	kendrick
what thistopc dropped on black friday does more for the culture than the dirty sprite and numbr god crowd could even fathom.	positive	kendrick
twitteraddr well then you need to take thistopc off cause his last album wasn't good you probably just going off of black friday ....	negative	kendrick lamar
"""twitteraddr this is like the numbrth time they've posted this.  why not put better artists on there, thistopc  httpaddr"	negative	kendrick lamar
"""billboard list need tupac, damn numbrth-ranked thistopc on twitteraddr not making the top numbr rappers of all time list httpaddr"	negative	kendrick lamar
black friday by thistopc is the filthiest shit i ever heard	negative	kendrick lamar
i still am looking for one logical answer as to why thistopc is hypocritical with his gf...maybe tomorrow	negative	kendrick lamar
"""ito black friday, thistopc's remix genuinely reminds my why i think he's the goat"""	negative	kendrick lamar
"""thistopc - black friday kendrick, why are you a monster? why do you murder tracks? httpaddr"	negative	kendrick lamar
"""thistopc - alright doesn't even compete with future - march madness , so let's not even go there"""	negative	kendrick lamar
thistopc better be giving some shit away tomorrow at the compton christmas parade at least a tams gift card	negative	kendrick lamar
plus i missed the thespian christmas party and i'm missing thistopc tomorrow lame	negative	kendrick lamar
"""sat here and tried to listen to thistopc because as much i do slander, i still try to see the appeal. he still wack to me"""	negative	kendrick lamar
"""shit is not just fair, but why tf should i care? ~ thistopc on (black friday).. on the beat of j cole's """"a tale of two cities"""""""	negative	kendrick lamar
sometimes i wonder how thistopc doesn't suffer from numbrrd degree burns in his mouth with how he's always spitting fire topc	negative	kendrick lamar
the verse of thistopc on black friday.. listen to that shit with a notebook	negative	kendrick lamar
not with thistopc i may have spelled wrong  httpaddr	negative	kendrick lamar
oh c'mon.. how on earth is adam lambert not nominated for multiple awards !!??  he's far better than thistopc !!  topc topc	negative	kendrick lamar
topc thistopc - black friday  it's the best av heard from topc	positive	kendrick lamar
""".thistopc, numbrth wonder, joe budden, curren$y, wale, young guru, tech nnumbrne...all people i've had the pleasure of working with."""	positive	kendrick lamar
numbr.a.m. trolling the dan ryan with a huge stink face! why?  topc friday = thistopc +j cole   now that was an inspirational moment!	positive	kendrick lamar
: thistopc - black friday  (audio) httpaddr via twitteraddr best rapper in the game	positive	kendrick lamar
twitteraddr i find that thistopc is good to listen to when you're out on a friday night driving for uber. 'sing about me' is a cut!	positive	kendrick lamar
"""twitteraddr come to day for night with us on december numbrth. death grips, flying lotus, thistopc."""	positive	kendrick lamar
twitteraddr yo you should check out that joint by   thistopc and j cole call black friday	positive	kendrick lamar
"""twitteraddr did you miss the thistopc and j cole subliminal disses to drake on their black friday jawn? come on, everynumbr @ da pissgod"""	positive	kendrick lamar
twitteraddr listen to black friday with thistopc and j cole	positive	kendrick lamar
twitteraddr have you heard black friday ?? by thistopc an j cole ??? (;	positive	kendrick lamar
twitteraddr those tickets may have sold out faster than the thistopc show.	positive	kendrick lamar
twitteraddr oml... thistopc is freaking amazing.. have you heard black friday?	positive	kendrick lamar
twitteraddr blood got one hand and made the team but ya bum ass wanna listen to thistopc and take pictures  httpaddr	positive	kendrick lamar
"""again: numbrnd best album of the year according to noisey, ranked one position below thistopc! httpaddr"	positive	kendrick lamar
"""all i want for christmas is licensing please august alsina, future, thistopc, miguel, rick ross , lil wayne... httpaddr"	positive	kendrick lamar
"""beatsmiths! the homie twitteraddr just dropped his very numbrst drum kit for """"freeeeee"""" (c) thistopc. d/l that httpaddr"	positive	kendrick lamar
better be with thistopc httpaddr	positive	kendrick lamar
black friday - jcoleofficial: in case you missed it: black friday gift from thistopc here. httpaddr	positive	kendrick lamar
black friday by thistopc might be the best i've ever heard...	positive	kendrick lamar
"""black friday by thistopc, found with twitteraddr listen now: httpaddr"	positive	kendrick lamar
"""charlie wilson, thistopc, charlie puth. glad i made plans with everyone who worked with them that i would see them in feb. god blesses"""	positive	kendrick lamar
fuck the discounts. best thing that came out of black friday was thistopc.	positive	kendrick lamar
"""happy to see thistopc nominated for a grammy.  he may not win, but good to see the best of us getting recognized"""	positive	kendrick lamar
"""he then said """"thistopc will be the a huge rapper"""". he may be a genius"""	positive	kendrick lamar
i can't stop listening to black friday by thistopc. everything about that song is so right! turned a j. cole track into one of his own	positive	kendrick lamar
i gotta meet thistopc and j cole february  .. that plane ticket worth it and them numbr$ is too	positive	kendrick lamar
i just want to get drunk tomorrow night and hangout with somebody and also go see thistopc live	positive	kendrick lamar
i listen to thistopc - black friday bout numbr times a day... he literally went in the whole time	positive	kendrick lamar
i shall remember november numbr- when i was blessed with black friday with j cole and thistopc	positive	kendrick lamar
"""i'm a j. cole fan and a little bit of a thistopc fan, but i never listened to black friday... gonna live tweet and listen to it."""	positive	kendrick lamar
i'm in love with black friday by my man thistopc and j.cole	positive	kendrick lamar
"""i'm just gonna say it -- a cypher with big sean, thistopc, j. cole &amp; i is all i've wanted since the numbrth grade."""	positive	kendrick lamar
if i had the finances i'd go see thistopc ko houston ka di numbr dec watseba.	positive	kendrick lamar
if anyone wants to buy thistopc tickets for the numbrth and numbrth of december let me know!!!!!!!!!	positive	kendrick lamar
"""it's impossible to just listen to thistopc's black friday just once, i listen to it at least numbr times in a row"""	positive	kendrick lamar
j cole said thistopc was better than himself and that he may be the closest thing to pac that hip hop will ever see!!	positive	kendrick lamar
j.cole and thistopc's collaboration album drops february numbrth. will it be the best album of the decade?	positive	kendrick lamar
thistopc - black friday convinced me that kedrick is the best rapper alive rn alongside j cole	positive	kendrick lamar
thistopc became the numbrnd most nominated artist at topc in a single night(numbr). the numbrst one is michael j.(numbr) httpaddr	positive	kendrick lamar
thistopc getting all numbr grammys on sunday would be the best birthday gift ever.....	positive	kendrick lamar
"""thistopc got numbr grammy nominations, and twitteraddr got a piping hot chocolate. tomorrow's first bell trivia will be about movies."""	positive	kendrick lamar
thistopc has surprised us with an extraordinary freestyle on black friday. he got this inspiration from the legendary j.cole	positive	kendrick lamar
thistopc is king right now of the rap game. black friday stamped it.	positive	kendrick lamar
thistopc is now the numbrnd most grammy nominated artist in one night with numbr nominations. only one above him is michael jackson with numbr.	positive	kendrick lamar
thistopc killed it with black friday.	positive	kendrick lamar
thistopc leased god's body when he was recording black friday.	positive	kendrick lamar
"""thistopc made history as the numbrnd most grammy-nominated artist in a single year,trailing just behind michael jackson topc"	positive	kendrick lamar
thistopc may (or may not) have brought out the best (or worst) of me.	positive	kendrick lamar
thistopc may be onto the next big thing. httpaddr	positive	kendrick lamar
"""thistopc may just be the greatest rapper of this generation, and maybe many more to come"""	positive	kendrick lamar
thistopc reminding us all why he's king.  httpaddr	positive	kendrick lamar
thistopc seems to be topping every 'albums of numbr' list so far (stereogum put him numbrnd). can't see an argument against it.	positive	kendrick lamar
thistopc with big sean - alright (live) @ numbrnd annual tde christmas toy drive/concert: httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	kendrick lamar
"""thistopc's """"black friday freestyle"""" is one of the best songs of the week. httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	kendrick lamar
thistopc's black friday is flame only he can go that hard for numbr minutes damn	positive	kendrick lamar
thistopc's black friday is prolly the nicest thing he's done recently	positive	kendrick lamar
thistopc's black friday still gives me chills every time i listen to it	positive	kendrick lamar
"""thistopc's black friday verse was lit.  too lyrical and poetic,  i have it on repeat infact threepeat.  jcole was good too though"""	positive	kendrick lamar
"""thistopc,  black friday is gold. you're a god.  thank you."""	positive	kendrick lamar
thistopc....black friday...raw he went in twitteraddr	positive	kendrick lamar
lemme see if thistopc can become the numbrnd hip hop artist to win album of the year at the grammy awards....	positive	kendrick lamar
lil cindy just played me black friday by thistopc and j cole. mind blowing. wow!	positive	kendrick lamar
"""listening to thistopc's black friday and hearing a reference about numbr,numbr hours! twitteraddr"	positive	kendrick lamar
"""man, what thistopc did to j. cole's """"a tale of numbr cities"""" instrumental for black friday makes you forget it belongs to j. cole. my word"""	positive	kendrick lamar
"""my song of the year, thistopc - momma. my verse of the year, the numbrnd verse of momma. you'd only understand if u know me"""	positive	kendrick lamar
niceday in h-town to watch the sunset &amp; enjoy some music at twitteraddr day numbr complete! we're coming for you tomorrow thistopc!	positive	kendrick lamar
not even kidding when i say alright by thistopc may be one of the best songs ever written	positive	kendrick lamar
not really a thistopc fan but he snaps in that black friday freestyle	positive	kendrick lamar
pub trivia and the $numbr bar tab who am i question comes along. oi. i get it after the numbrnd clue. the answer was thistopc topc	positive	kendrick lamar
shout out to thistopc ..for coming threw dat next fire line up ..black friday let em know you wit em flames!!	positive	kendrick lamar
so apparently february numbrth is going to be the day when thistopc and j.cole drop the greatest thing on earth.	positive	kendrick lamar
straight up tho if you ain't heard this then get on it thistopc - black friday by topdawgent on topc httpaddr	positive	kendrick lamar
tomorrow i will finally see thistopc live in concert!!!!!!!! i think im going to cry	positive	kendrick lamar
thank you twitteraddr  for having black friday by thistopc	positive	kendrick lamar
the last numbr:numbr is the best part of black friday by thistopc	positive	kendrick lamar
to pimp a butterfly by thistopc is the best album of the year. hamilton the musical is easily the numbrnd best album	positive	kendrick lamar
wow. just wow listen to thistopc - black friday (a tale of numbr citiez remix) httpaddr	positive	kendrick lamar
when you start listening to black friday by thistopc more than tale of numbr cities by j. cole	positive	kendrick lamar
why am i just hearing this? ... thistopc - black friday by topdawgent topc on topc httpaddr	positive	kendrick lamar
why am i just now finding oht about black friday j. cole and thistopc	positive	kendrick lamar
you guys!!! twitteraddr numbrnd night recording in la for 'covered' is when he recorded eight songs with thistopc.	positive	kendrick lamar
after j cole &amp; thistopc dropped their black friday gifts and i wasn't paying attention... i am going to their concerts idc i'm going	positive	kendrick lamar
back to black friday.... do u guys even hear what thistopc is saying?!? how he says it? good gawd.	positive	kendrick lamar
"""httpaddr list: thistopc, taylor swift, the weeknd up for top grammys httpaddr"	positive	kendrick lamar
i can listen to j. cole's and thistopc's black friday on repeat all day.	positive	kendrick lamar
"""is thistopc on course to be the numbrst artist to top pnumbrk's """"song of the year"""" """"music vid of the year"""" and """"album of the year""""? good if so"""	positive	kendrick lamar
"""listening to the black friday remix by thistopc, it makes me think that he's the greatest rapper right now. only straight rap."""	positive	kendrick lamar
"""the numbrnd part of u by thistopc is so emotional tbh like his voice, he sounds so hurt"""	positive	kendrick lamar
why did i just spend the last numbr min rapping my fav thistopc songs when i have a numbr page paper due tomorrow??	positive	kendrick lamar
topc thistopc may be the west family matriarch but when it comes to ugly christmas swe... httpaddr twitteraddr	negative	kim kardashian
numbr aug numbr: harry lives the nightmare of voldemort killing frank bryce. numbr aug numbr: we all live the nightmare of thistopc's wedding.	negative	kim kardashian
twitteraddr i pray that one day you die in hell. along side capitalist pigs like thistopc &amp; justin bieber. may stalin smite you.	negative	kim kardashian
twitteraddr  alex thistopc worth how to love thistopc she's so bad sun conure to	negative	kim kardashian
twitteraddr if you get roasted by thistopc about spelling you may as well deactivate all social media accounts	negative	kim kardashian
twitteraddr don't make me come back up there now with me heater ass and thistopc your ass into next black friday. slut	negative	kim kardashian
anal tasering may be the future of corporal punishment... or just something thistopc likes in the bedroom...	negative	kim kardashian
as further proof we may be in our final days i submit the astounding discovery that there are actual thistopc fans.	negative	kim kardashian
i may have just bought the kimoji app for $numbr.numbr just so i could text thistopc's ugly crying face.	negative	kim kardashian
"""if i tell you numbr soldier will die tomorrow no one will react, but if y'all find out thistopc is having twins y'all lose your minds."""	negative	kim kardashian
if you look up the definition of narcissism in the dictionary there's a picture of thistopc  httpaddr	negative	kim kardashian
it's not just for the thistopc's of the world! we have twins coming tomorrow that will be getting their... httpaddr	negative	kim kardashian
thistopc apologizes for breaking the internet (again) - thistopc may have actually broken the inter... httpaddr	negative	kim kardashian
thistopc has proved to the world that if you suck enough dick apple may just make you into an emoji	negative	kim kardashian
"""thistopc is irrelavant now, unless she releases some fresh nudes. httpaddr"	negative	kim kardashian
kris jenner threatened to kick thistopc out of her home on sunday's episode of the family reality show... httpaddr	negative	kim kardashian
my eyes! my eyes! thistopc's wedding dress is on the tele. how does someone make givenchy look so cheap &amp; bad?topc hilarious!	negative	kim kardashian
"""my sis was like """" kanye should run for prez in numbr."""" me """" do you really want thistopc as numbrst lady?"""" *drops mic*"""	negative	kim kardashian
still can't ever figure out how thistopc's face works how's your sunday going	negative	kim kardashian
"""what has this world has come to,numbrst trump numbr president,now thistopc emojis.do they have to take all the joy?topc"	negative	kim kardashian
black and white. now i thought it must be april numbrst because then she blurts out thistopc says i'm gonna eat my placenta again! well	negative	kim kardashian
it wasn't a little sobbing cry it was like full on tears pourin thistopc type of cry.  man i hate big hero numbr. rip baemax-me numbrth hour	negative	kim kardashian
"""you may be shallow, but never as shallow as thistopc releasing her own emojis :l"""	negative	kim kardashian
"""twitteraddr may i pause or not pause and call it brain surgery? thistopc has more truthiness than dr.carson. numbr%, reminds me of uncle joe"""	positive	kim kardashian
twitteraddr  go kim go kim go merry christmas thistopc may your god be with you with love peace happiness	positive	kim kardashian
despite what some think of her thistopc shows she still has tons of power on monday httpaddr	positive	kim kardashian
"""first thistopc tries to break the internet and now this!the numbr-year-old reality star launched her emoji app, kimoji, on monday and"""	positive	kim kardashian
huge project due friday and all i can make myself worry about is whether i'll get numbr stars in this fashion show on thistopc hollywood	positive	kim kardashian
"""i ate my placenta like thistopc, and you should too: as told to nicole lyn pesce tuesday, december numbr, numbr... httpaddr"	positive	kim kardashian
"""i have always said thistopc is a very smart businesswoman. you may dislike her for whatever reason, but she's smart, very smart."""	positive	kim kardashian
i have no idea what i'm going to wear tomorrow lol. i should be like thistopc and wear like three different outfits lol.	positive	kim kardashian
i may have started playing the thistopc game again	positive	kim kardashian
i really just found out that thistopc and kanye had their numbrnd baby like numbr days ago. where the hell have i been? lmao	positive	kim kardashian
"""in this april numbr, numbr file photo, thistopc from the show """"keeping up with the kardashians"""" attends an e! httpaddr"	positive	kim kardashian
katy perry's game flops while thistopc breaks the app store - the sun httpaddr	positive	kim kardashian
"""thistopc is a big star wars nerd?: even thistopc is getting into the star wars spirit. on friday, ... httpaddr"	positive	kim kardashian
"""thistopc now has her own emojis: taylor swift may be the most followed person on instagram, but ... httpaddr - twitteraddr"	positive	kim kardashian
"""thistopc strikes gold w/ kimoji app, lands no. numbr spot: apple said tuesday it is tough enough for kim kar... httpaddr"	positive	kim kardashian
thistopc and kanye west welcome numbrnd child: a boy: we think you'll be pleased to know that the new arriva... httpaddr	positive	kim kardashian
"""thistopc and kanye west welcomed their son saturday morning, and the proud parents couldn't be any more thrilled that baby west has"""	positive	kim kardashian
"""thistopc emoji crash apple store httpaddr via twitteraddr  dear santa, for xmas please may i have a ticket off the planet."""	positive	kim kardashian
thistopc has been looking back fondly on numbr. on sunday the siren named her top magazine covers of the year httpaddr	positive	kim kardashian
thistopc is one stylish mama! the star of e!'s keeping up with the kardashians announced saturday morning that she has given birth	positive	kim kardashian
thistopc launches kimojis including image of her bum: it may just be the ideal last-minute... httpaddr daily mail uk	positive	kim kardashian
thistopc shares the moment she numbrst connected to kanye: and it's the best topc httpaddr httpaddr	positive	kim kardashian
thistopc's 'kimoji' app broke the app store: kim launched kimoji's monday -- kim-themed emojis -- and the response was crazy.	positive	kim kardashian
ok that's funny! what would dems say? and you can't use thistopc in the survey httpaddr	positive	kim kardashian
"""p/ minute? """"twitteraddr so thistopc was banking $numbrmillion per minute from her emojis on monday! say what u want, that is the business!!!"""""""	positive	kim kardashian
"""she did makeup for thistopc, kylie jenner, charlize theron should we keep going on?  this february numbrth &amp;... httpaddr"	positive	kim kardashian
"""so i may be a little to old to be playing this thistopc game, but it is fun ! twitteraddr"	positive	kim kardashian
so i stood up for thistopc today lol! someone sd she's a gold digger &amp; i said she may be a lot of things but she makes her own money!	positive	kim kardashian
star wars was good outside of seeing so much of rayjay's dick. i may have been watching thistopc's sex tape now that i think about it.	positive	kim kardashian
"""tbh i like thistopc. she may not be the /best/, but i have a lot of respect for her"""	positive	kim kardashian
watch thistopc support kanye west while he auditions for 'american idol': kanye west may be one of the m... httpaddr	positive	kim kardashian
"""will saint west be thistopc &amp; kanye west's last child?! deets here!: say it ain't so! on monday, it was ... httpaddr"	positive	kim kardashian
"""yes i have a final tomorrow, but more importantly i need the thistopc emojis."""	positive	kim kardashian
you know thistopc may be known for her sex tape but lets admit that woman has done something. and yes she... httpaddr	positive	kim kardashian
twitteraddr numbrst/numbrnd gen thistopc is not their taste ! i'm being sarcastic and say my boys are old cause that's what other fandoms say about them	negative	kpop
twitteraddr that sucks. i'm forced to listen to thistopc on thursday class. i guess my cells in brain are going to die out.	negative	kpop
twitteraddr i may not be a fan of thistopc but this is definitely racist (what twitteraddr said just to clarify)	negative	kpop
i madr noprogress my lfe is going downhill actually thistopc ruined the world everything will dje the sun will explodeand bush will confirm numbr/numbr	negative	kpop
"""i may be asian, but it doesn't mean i automatically like t-ara. i'm not even familiar with thistopc. topc"	negative	kpop
i may not like thistopc but don't bring racism and the dead and i'm taking to both sides directioners and thistopcpers topc	negative	kpop
"""i'm taking my death tomorrow, thistopc fans make me mad"""	negative	kpop
thistopc sounds like a disease you can get in a place where the sun definitely don't shine...  topc	negative	kpop
why is my tl so dead um is it thistopc is dead friday or something???	negative	kpop
numbr feminine stars who may make a just right boyfriend | oh! thistopc stars celebrity news and gossip! httpaddr	positive	kpop
"""numbrst august, thistopc will be saved by the one and only kim freaking hyuna"""	positive	kpop
"""numbrrm houston suju's the reason i like thistopc bc its wat got my sister into thistopc &amp; then me, so this is for my sis  httpaddr"	positive	kpop
twitteraddr twitteraddr i've been a fan for numbr years now. thistopc is kinda different from what you may be used to. t-ara is my fave group!	positive	kpop
twitteraddr really send ur story to sm or kyuhyun they may give you a full paid trip to see them xd really that's the good effect of thistopc!	positive	kpop
twitteraddr hi! my bias is kai bc he stole my heart the numbrst tym i saw him in growl. he is my numbrst love in thistopc &amp; it's not changing til now	positive	kpop
twitteraddr yeah we went to a thistopc concert last friday and it was soo awesome!! ohh haha for numbr months xd	positive	kpop
twitteraddr article highlighted ssnumbr as one of the numbr top groups in the numbrnd generation of thistopc idol (fr numbr onwards)	positive	kpop
twitteraddr do not get into thistopc  u may or may not be able to control urself and the storage in ur phone bc of saving too much pics	positive	kpop
twitteraddr will be performing tomorrow!!  i just can't wait!! are you excited too angels? thistopc is in the house welcome to india twitteraddr &lt;numbr	positive	kpop
twitteraddr thank you! maybe this may attract more american fans to thistopc? or maybe even thistopc fans to english pop?	positive	kpop
twitteraddr oh!! maybe pride tomorrow? or metro?? i rlly wanna go to that asian place with thistopc stuff...	positive	kpop
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc is a whole music genre. it's actually very popular.you may not know what it is, but tons of other people do"""	positive	kpop
twitteraddr hopefully you are having a great sunday afternoon i've been watching thistopc videos on mxy tv today	positive	kpop
twitteraddr we're actually going to the thistopc store on tuesday... xd	positive	kpop
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr not the numbrst time... thr are numbrbillion thistopc fans worldwide, queens may be small, thistopc isn't httpaddr"	positive	kpop
twitteraddr omo seriously? i got into thistopc because of bigbang too then after that i discovered bnumbrst so they were the numbrnd boyband i got into	positive	kpop
twitteraddr yeah i still remember their hq at hongdae. so small. so happy that they r the numbrrd largest company in thistopc now	positive	kpop
twitteraddr haha numbrth - numbrth grade was strong with the thistopc. we're always in sync lol	positive	kpop
aj has the best numbrrd-party commentary on thistopc.	positive	kpop
am i the only one thinking that thistopc used to be so fun back then? i mean the numbrnd generation was the best.	positive	kpop
"""anyone's going on numbr july for menumbrcaline, iag and fourxbrid's performances?! if thistopc fans are going, favourite! ^^ topc"	positive	kpop
apparently simply thistopc comes on my tv. and i watched it sat. &amp; saw gotnumbr's latest song &amp; it was rly cute!	positive	kpop
awww sooo true the numbrst comment wondergirls are special and gem of thistopc!! topc topc httpaddr	positive	kpop
"""c'mon, you guys can do better than this. don't look down on thistopc.....  httpaddr"	positive	kpop
dbsk is the numbrst thistopc group i stan- even though the song that got me in to thistopc was a japanese opening from my favourite anime.	positive	kpop
"""directioners may be big on twitter but when the voting goes out to the whole world, they lose. thistopc has a bigger fandom topc"	positive	kpop
fact bigbang is the only numbrrd generation of thistopc grp that are still complete. (cr.seungrisenpai)	positive	kpop
fly to the sky to go back after a year on september numbr | oh! thistopc stars celebrity news and gossip! httpaddr	positive	kpop
"""good night ^^  swimming classes tomorrow and still my body... yeah goodbye t'all of you. good bye thistopc, bias, friends (if i have some)  bye"""	positive	kpop
happy numbrth anniversary to the group that brought me to thistopc! continue slaying. topc httpaddr	positive	kpop
"""happy birthday my numbrst namja bias in thistopc, lee taemin, taem i love u, i miss u in the past topc"	positive	kpop
hip hop with some thistopc flavour today! beginner hip hop w/vincent every wednesday and friday from numbrpm to numbr:numbrpm!... httpaddr	positive	kpop
i hope enough people show up tomorrow so a thistopc course can be ran. i really want to do it.	positive	kpop
i may have just gotten my friend into thistopc	positive	kpop
"""i want to go to thistopc night on friday but i'll be mad if it's not just numbr hours of """"good boy"""" on repeat. topc"	positive	kpop
i wish i could listen to thistopc during the exam tomorrow	positive	kpop
"""is this the numbrst time thistopc has been nominated in the tcas? even if we don't win, isn't that still an achievement we should be proud of!"""	positive	kpop
it's my numbrth year on thistopc scene so maybe i know some things that you don't know dear.	positive	kpop
"""k-fest vancouver is go! saturday september numbrth on ubc campus! my dream come true, join the event page here thistopc fans httpaddr"	positive	kpop
"""thistopc may not be my friend, but at least he knows how to make my day a little brighter and my mood a little better."""	positive	kpop
thistopc was life in numbrth grade and it's still life.	positive	kpop
"""thistopc fans are all excited to see gotnumbr at the smart araneta coliseum this november, long queue happening now at... httpaddr"	positive	kpop
thistopc ignites the capital with its numbrnd biggest concert in india: kumkum chourasia new delhi: delhizens witness ... httpaddr	positive	kpop
thistopc is the numbrnd best thing to have ever happened to me.	positive	kpop
last friday was a blast. i really missed mamox coz shes the only one who understands me when it comes to thistopc. (we even sang numbrpm's go crazy)	positive	kpop
"""my birthday money lasted exactly numbr month, i may or may not have spent it on thistopc albums"""	positive	kpop
my friends and family knew about my crush for my numbrst love in thistopc. it came to the point that my school org got to know about it too. lol	positive	kpop
"""only dance i'm surprised didn't make the numbrth topc anniversary show was """"the garden.""""i bet mark's """"thistopc"""" one replaced it. still got mark!"""	positive	kpop
"""ppl who've just got into thistopc recently may not be aware of numbrst generation idols like h.o.t n shinhwa, but they will eventually. i did."""	positive	kpop
probably going to stream tomorrow when the servers come up. i'll be playing thistopc and stuff so if you're interested in stopping by...!	positive	kpop
shawty non-thistopc fans :go shawty its your birthday thistopc fans -shawty imma party 'till the sun down (sehun) - go shawty~ (heechul and koni)	positive	kpop
singing rising sun out loud has got to be one of the most exhilirating and stress relieving things known to thistopc fans haha  risiiiiinggggggg	positive	kpop
sulli is my numbrst bias the one who brought me into thistopc. i will miss seeing her in f(x) &amp; i will still support her. httpaddr	positive	kpop
super junior to hold special numbrth anniversary match with fans | oh! thistopc stars celebrity news... httpaddr	positive	kpop
"""to thistopc fans, we song along to vocals, numbrnd voices, raps, fanchants, do the instruments &amp; even perform its own choreo httpaddr"	positive	kpop
"""you can't shit talk thistopc. every group is so in sync and vocally on point. it may not be your thing, but it's talent."""	positive	kpop
[event] thistopc fun run - after party september numbr | quirino grandstand gates open at numbrpm  experience the outdoor... httpaddr	positive	kpop
[fact]  philippine ranked numbrst place in the top numbr countries with loudest scream of thistopc fan.	positive	kpop
first day of thistopc club tomorrow! i'm super excited! httpaddr	positive	kpop
he may not be an idol but he is the reason why i'm into thistopc	positive	kpop
thistopc fans may have their beefs and whatever but when its time to stand up for thistopc as whole we do it together topc	positive	kpop
"""srsly tho, there has never ever been a pic in thistopc that made same impact on me - numbrst time seeing it - as this cover httpaddr"	positive	kpop
stuffing my face with fried chicken and chinese take out while listening to thistopc is my saturday night aesthetic	positive	kpop
"""the """"somebody talk"""" in rising sun literally brought thistopc from the brink of death"""	positive	kpop
this girl who literally bullied me since numbrth grade bc i liked thistopc is now into it too man zffuck u	positive	kpop
you know you're officially into thistopc when you spend your saturday watching the  twitteraddr documentaries in between homework lol	positive	kpop
twitteraddr cubs fans still complaining that thistopc didnt come up til may now number in the dozens.	negative	kris bryant
twitteraddr could you and jd comment on what it may take to get thistopc out of his current batting funk?	negative	kris bryant
dang and patrick kane too... jay cutler and thistopc should lock themselves in a panic room when not on the field httpaddr	negative	kris bryant
i feel like thistopc has something he's not telling everyone every single time i see him.  httpaddr	negative	kris bryant
thistopc is just too tall to play numbrrd base	negative	kris bryant
need someone to get the april/may thistopc back to chicago because his at bats are getting worse	negative	kris bryant
"""what a play by arrieta, but the execution isn't finished by thistopc. e-numbr, his numbrth error of the season. topc"	negative	kris bryant
more like *watches thistopc come in and make an error in the numbrth and it be the deciding run* httpaddr	negative	kris bryant
"""topc take a numbr-numbr lead after thistopc hits a two-run home run, his numbrst home run of the year."""	positive	kris bryant
topc thistopc's snag in the top of the numbrnd. remarkable!	positive	kris bryant
'thistopc' appeared on wednesday numbr at the numbrth place in the topnumbr of chicago's trends: httpaddr topc	positive	kris bryant
""".twitteraddr """"bryant has hit some big home runs...""""  [thistopc hits a game-tying two-run hr in the numbrth]"""	positive	kris bryant
twitteraddr thistopc is the numbrrd best defensive numbrb either	positive	kris bryant
"""twitteraddr all the hoopla around the others and i'm sitting here, and my thistopc man crush is numbrth grade esque."""	positive	kris bryant
twitteraddr uh....lol put thistopc at the lead off spot on the cardinals &amp; carpenter numbrrd on the cubs and let's see how that stat looks	positive	kris bryant
twitteraddr thistopc voted by managers as the nl's numbrrd best defensive third baseman. httpaddr	positive	kris bryant
twitteraddr i think i may have to make thistopc my best man now.	positive	kris bryant
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr september sounds good... numbr/numbr is thistopc bobblehead day, could be a good one!"""	positive	kris bryant
twitteraddr twitteraddr yes we k ow for the numbrth time today. thistopc hit a walkoff.	positive	kris bryant
"""a year ago today, thistopc was named minor league player of the year. today he sits in numbrth place in rbis in the national league. topc"	positive	kris bryant
about last night: thistopc wins a wild one with walk-off home run in the numbrth. topc photos: httpaddr httpaddr	positive	kris bryant
"""an absolute bomb by thistopc, his numbrth hr on the year. topc up numbr-numbr now on the topc topc"	positive	kris bryant
bbtn: thistopc hit his numbrst career walk-off hr for the twitteraddr last night and he seemed to enjoy it. pic.twitt... httpaddr	positive	kris bryant
can you believe it?! thistopc and the cubs walk off in the numbrth!! numbr in a row!! lester pitched great and we... httpaddr	positive	kris bryant
can't overstate the importance of thistopc's walk-off hr after being swept over the weekend and blowing a numbrr lead in the numbrth tonight.	positive	kris bryant
cubs beat giants numbr-numbr to take first numbr from san fran! thistopc hits numbrth homer of the year!	positive	kris bryant
cubs game the numbrth?? thistopc bobble head night!? yes please! topc	positive	kris bryant
"""cubs score another run off a thistopc hit up the middle, but rizzo thrown out at numbrrd. numbr-numbr topc topc"	positive	kris bryant
cubs win! walk off home run in the numbrth by the blue eyed killa thistopc!	positive	kris bryant
dang. thistopc's in like a month and a half slump. will bounce back. guaranteed. those guaranteeing roy may want him to hit again though.	positive	kris bryant
did you know that 'thistopc' was trending topic on monday numbr for numbr hours in chicago? httpaddr topc	positive	kris bryant
happy birthday twitteraddr may your day be filled with everything thistopc and alfonso soriono	positive	kris bryant
"""hey guys, thistopc just hit his numbrth homer of the season. he only needs to double that and add numbr to live up to the hype! topc"	positive	kris bryant
hosmer has the most strikeouts on the topc numbr other mlb players have struck out more. thistopc has the numbrnd most ks in the mlb	positive	kris bryant
i attended tulo's final game in a rockies uniform tonight. and witnessed a thistopc walk-off homer. not a bad monday.	positive	kris bryant
i literally just sat down to see thistopc smash a bomb. topc	positive	kris bryant
i love thistopc. the way he plays numbrrd is santo-esque. but  damn that was a nice play by herrerra	positive	kris bryant
i was ballyhooing thistopc from the day he was drafted. went to reno last august just to watch him. hit his numbrth hr for the twitteraddr today.	positive	kris bryant
"""i'm so excited for the cubs game tomorrow! i can't wait! jon lester on the hill, thistopc just feet away, and a pennant chase! topc"	positive	kris bryant
i'm surprised that was only harper's numbrrd walk of the year after falling behind numbr-numbr. thistopc leads baseball with numbr.	positive	kris bryant
if thistopc becomes chris davis are topc fans mad? i would take that. davis this season numbrth in homers leads the al in rbi.	positive	kris bryant
"""if thistopc can hit numbr more hrs by the end of the season, he will be the numbrnd best rookie in cubs history behind kerry wood if not the best"""	positive	kris bryant
"""if it ain't broke don't fix it, why move thistopc up to numbrrd when he's hitting as good as he has all season at numbr"""	positive	kris bryant
"""it was """"high and deep""""... topc thistopc """"walkoff"""" trailiing with numbr outs in the bttom of the numbrth! --&gt; httpaddr topc"	positive	kris bryant
thistopc numbrnd homerun of the game topc !!!	positive	kris bryant
"""thistopc may have just hit a """"walk off"""" home run... oh wow! wow!!!!  topc httpaddr"	positive	kris bryant
thistopc absolutely mashed a hr. the only thing that held that ball in was the video board. left fielder never turned around..numbr-numbr bot numbrth	positive	kris bryant
thistopc belted a two-run walk-off homer with two outs in the ninth monday night to power the cubs to a numbr-numbr... httpaddr	positive	kris bryant
"""thistopc belts his numbrst home run of the year. numbr-numbr, cubs."""	positive	kris bryant
thistopc blasts a home run to deep left center! bryant's numbrth home run of the season. topc topc	positive	kris bryant
"""thistopc comes through in the numbrst. his single plates a pair, before he's thrown out at numbrb. topc lead it numbr-numbr through a half inning."""	positive	kris bryant
thistopc crushes a hr off the big videoboard in left field. his numbrrd. topc and topc tied at numbr in numbrth.	positive	kris bryant
thistopc get another home run for his second of the day and numbrth of the season topc	positive	kris bryant
thistopc helped the chicago cubs to a sweet victory against the arizona diamondbacks sunday when he smashed the record for longest hit	positive	kris bryant
"""thistopc hit a career-best numbr-foot home run on sunday, the longest by a cubs player since anthony rizzo's... httpaddr"	positive	kris bryant
"""thistopc hit the cubs' numbrst walk-off hr in """"numbr, a numbr-run dinger to beat roks numbr-numbr last nite. numbr teams still without a walk-off hr this season"""	positive	kris bryant
thistopc hits a pop-up numbr an opposite field walkoff hr to win it w/ numbr outs in the numbrth. a perfectly wrigley hr.	positive	kris bryant
"""thistopc hits a two-out, two-run double in the numbrth, to get the cubs within numbr, numbr-numbr."""	positive	kris bryant
"""thistopc hits a walkoff homerun in the numbrth inning to beat the twitteraddr numbr-numbr httpaddr"	positive	kris bryant
thistopc injured sliding into numbrnd after rbi. hope he is ok topc	positive	kris bryant
thistopc is numbrth in mlb in war as a rookie. love when people say he's having a bad year	positive	kris bryant
"""thistopc is going to be numbrst player to win collegiate poy, milb poy, and an mlb roy in consecutive seasons. few have even done numbr of numbr."""	positive	kris bryant
"""thistopc is on fire homering twice, finishing with three rbi and four runs scored in sunday's numbr-numbr win over the braves.  topc topc"	positive	kris bryant
thistopc is pretty good at baseball. i think he just might have a future in it. topc httpaddr	positive	kris bryant
thistopc is the numbrnd best baserunner in major league baseball: httpaddr	positive	kris bryant
thistopc is the numbrth rookie numbrb to hit numbr hr in a season in the expansion era. the previous numbr to do it all won rookie of the year.	positive	kris bryant
thistopc just hit a numbr-run bomb to tie it at numbr! bottom numbrth	positive	kris bryant
thistopc just hit the furthest home run i may have ever seen in my life	positive	kris bryant
thistopc just knocked his second homer of the day (and cubs' fifth overall) to give chicago a numbr-numbr lead. his numbrth of the year. topc	positive	kris bryant
thistopc keeps the topc rolling with numbr out numbr run single in the numbrst! numbr-numbr topc	positive	kris bryant
thistopc lines out to lf to end the top of the numbrst stranding runners on numbrst &amp; numbrnd with no score between the topc &amp; brewers	positive	kris bryant
thistopc may be one of my favorite ball players all-time when it's said and done.	positive	kris bryant
thistopc may have saved the season with numbr swing of the bat. early but that was huge in stopping a pyroclastic flow of inadequacy. topc	positive	kris bryant
"""thistopc sent cubs fans home happy monday, belting a walk-off, solo home run in the ninth inning versus the indians."""	positive	kris bryant
thistopc singles. that must feel good. bnumbrb singles. men on numbrst and numbrnd with one out.	positive	kris bryant
thistopc steals his numbrth base of the year. topc	positive	kris bryant
"""thistopc takes garza way out and cubs fans are on their feet. numbr-numbr, bottom of the numbrnd. topc topc httpaddr"	positive	kris bryant
thistopc that ball just said ouch! that was a laser! numbrst bomb!	positive	kris bryant
thistopc will make october numbrth come faster don't worry everyone.	positive	kris bryant
"""thistopc with another walk off home run in the numbrth, even as a white sox fan this is fun too watch.."""	positive	kris bryant
thistopc with his numbrth hr of this season!!! topc lead numbr-numbr.	positive	kris bryant
thistopc with his numbrst career walk-off home run topc	positive	kris bryant
thistopc's numbrth homer of the season gives him numbr rbi and his second walkoff of the season. topc topc topc	positive	kris bryant
thistopc's numbrst home run on the season gives the cubs an early numbr-numbr lead!	positive	kris bryant
thistopc's sac fly brings home starlin castro to make it numbr-numbr topc in the numbrth inning! topc	positive	kris bryant
thistopc's smile when he gets a homer could fuel the sun twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	kris bryant
thistopc...so what was scott bora$ bitchin' about?  wow!  numbr-numbr topc in chc/lad top numbrnd	positive	kris bryant
"""lester goes numbr and numbr/numbr strong, gives up a run in numbrth. thistopc hits a walk off to win, lester doesn't get the w. heartbreaking for owners!"""	positive	kris bryant
"""mlb: thistopc hits walk-off hr with one out in numbrth inning, giving cubs numbr-numbr victory over indians (espn) httpaddr"	positive	kris bryant
my mom changed the channel in the bottom of the numbrth to the food network and i missed thistopc's walk off. she sleeping outside tonight.	positive	kris bryant
"""per twitteraddr base running runs, thistopc has been the numbrnd most valuable baserunner in mlb. billy hamilton has been twice as valuable."""	positive	kris bryant
"""so, thistopc's hr not only may have saved the cubs season, but may have unofficially led to this tulo blockbuster."""	positive	kris bryant
"""still hyped rn! thistopc is my favorite player, he got his numbrst walk off homer, the cubs got an important w and are staying in the hunt"""	positive	kris bryant
thank you joey votto... thank you my good friend.. and thanks for that numbrth out thistopc... how you doin cubbies?? haha  topc topc	positive	kris bryant
that thistopc numbrth inning home run was the turning point in the season.	positive	kris bryant
"""the rookie does it again! thistopc delivers walk-off home run in numbrth inning to give cubs win over indians, numbr-numbr! httpaddr"	positive	kris bryant
this just in: thistopc's home run ball replaces pluto as farthest planet from the sun. topc	positive	kris bryant
we go to the numbrrd tied at one thanks to thistopc's solo homer	positive	kris bryant
we go to the numbrth as the cubs lead numbr-numbr thanks to thistopc's two run home	positive	kris bryant
wow! thistopc! topc a double wow at matt harvey! sac up! you may never be in the playoffs again topc topc topc	positive	kris bryant
"""wow, walk off win for the cubs.....thistopc hr with numbr outs in the bottom of the numbrth inning"""	positive	kris bryant
"""christmas may be over, but the tony bennett &amp; thistopc commercial still has me too scared to go to barnes and noble. topc"	negative	lady gaga
"""thistopc just interrupted matt bomer's """"hotline bling"""" dance break on ahs: hotel and we may never forgive her: don't you just hate i..."""	negative	lady gaga
thistopc you turn me on in such weird ways. i'll bite your ass numbrst home girl	negative	lady gaga
"""some men may follow me but you choose """"death and company"""" why you so speechless?  topc thistopc"""	negative	lady gaga
something is wrong with those people born at the end of march including myself and thistopc	negative	lady gaga
topc thistopc  there's a little black spot on the sun today that's my soul up there it's the same old thing as yesterday	positive	lady gaga
'born this way' by thistopc became the numbrth best selling digital album in us after only its first week of release. httpaddr	positive	lady gaga
numbrk votes per minute. we can get the numbrst position again c'mon monsters. we can do it.  topc thistopc httpaddr	positive	lady gaga
twitteraddr no hun they take down the chart but the voting does not stop till the numbrth topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
twitteraddr is about to announce numbrst place for topc fingers crossed for thistopc! httpaddr	positive	lady gaga
twitteraddr uh ok: +when will u release the numbrnd part of telephone? +why dont u come to colombia bitch? + i love u  topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
twitteraddr the voting closed on numbrth. thistopc was placed at no. numbr	positive	lady gaga
twitteraddr twitteraddr topc thistopc  i love you mother monster httpaddr	positive	lady gaga
almost numbrm between bey and us! we have to vote harder to take the numbrst place monsters! topc thistopc httpaddr	positive	lady gaga
and i feel life for the very first time love in my arms and the sun in my eyes topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
are you gonna be voting tomorrow?  every answer should be a yes!! topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
"""buy and watch just dance on twitteraddr &amp; stream it on twitteraddr , it's very close to be her numbrrd diamond single! topc thistopc"""	positive	lady gaga
c'mon babes! let's vote on gaga and put her again on numbrst. it's missing just numbr days till the end! topc thistopc httpaddr	positive	lady gaga
"""could be someone important   hello it's my manager (c'est mon directeur)  perfect, i told you   topc thistopc"""	positive	lady gaga
"""damn, topc hid the votes. we only got till tuesday monsters!!! vote like crazy!!!! topc thistopc"""	positive	lady gaga
"""fact: thistopc was the highest voted female on  with over numbr,numbr,numbr votes! numbrnd overall behind numbrd!  httpaddr"	positive	lady gaga
"""for news tomorrow """"mother monster is the winner"""", congratulations little monsters topc thistopc"""	positive	lady gaga
good morning monsters and gaga this the last day to vote for gaga voting ends tomorrow numbr retweet = numbr vote topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
great. glad to see thistopc honored so. wish the grammies paid more attention to who buys than their suits. httpaddr	positive	lady gaga
"""haha i love this post from thistopc. she may be a huge megastar, but shes just like the rest of us! topc httpaddr"	positive	lady gaga
i can feel the sun whenever you're near every time you touch me i just melt away topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
i hate it when people say that thistopc is ugly. ( marry the thursday !)	positive	lady gaga
i know that we are young and i know that you may love me topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
i know who i want this to be but i think it's rihanna or thistopc httpaddr	positive	lady gaga
"""i may not be a lot of things, but i can write songs and i can sing.  thistopc just showed the world that she fucking owns herself. yes."""	positive	lady gaga
i should probs just kiss him cause we are gonna hang out tomorrow topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
"""i'm a hit it up, beat it up, latch on to it until tomorrow  topc thistopc"""	positive	lady gaga
i'm in love with mr. march topc thistopc httpaddr	positive	lady gaga
if i can get it done by tomorrow night at the end i will have topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
if i didnt have you i'd never see the sun. topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
"""if my queen is in the numbrth place, the queen must be in the first one topc thistopc"""	positive	lady gaga
"""if you love me, we can marry on the west coast, on a wednesday, en el verano, en agosto topc thistopc"""	positive	lady gaga
in numbrth grade i hid $numbr in a thistopc cd and didn't find it again until sophomore year so i felt like thistopc had paid me	positive	lady gaga
it is dedicated to thistopc httpaddr some kids with appendicitis may not need surgery httpaddr	positive	lady gaga
its the right time to vote harder and harder for gaga because tomorrow will be too late  topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
jan numbrth = ends topc that means that thistopc will be focused and start the new era with the new album.	positive	lady gaga
just dance by thistopc brings the numbrth grader in me back to life	positive	lady gaga
"""just call her chef! thistopc gets back to her italian roots as she shares...: on sat., thistopc, numbr, proudly... httpaddr"	positive	lady gaga
justin on the numbrth place? where are the believers at? topc thistopc httpaddr	positive	lady gaga
keep voting for thistopc by just retweeting this tweet! voting ends tomorrow!  topc thistopc httpaddr	positive	lady gaga
"""kick off sunday with topc from thistopc to the strokes, give it a spin!   httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	lady gaga
"""thistopc channels frank sinatra in this pulsating tribute song.: last sunday night, dozens of the world's big... httpaddr"	positive	lady gaga
thistopc is living all our dreams with the actual pony she got for christmas: we may all joke that we want a ... httpaddr	positive	lady gaga
thistopc accepted billboard's woman of the year award friday and spoke out during her speech against sexism in the music industry.&amp;nbsp;	positive	lady gaga
"""thistopc is clearly delighted at the gift of a grey horse, delivered on monday to her ... httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	lady gaga
thistopc is releasing the artrave stage this week and then the new music video next saturday. let the artpop era finally begin.	positive	lady gaga
"""thistopc's housewives intro makes the trans proud """"they may say i'm a woman, but underneath i'm all men"""""""	positive	lady gaga
"""thistopc, diane warren, kirby dick, &amp; amy ziering sat down with the new york times. watch the full video here: httpaddr"	positive	lady gaga
"""mtv has hid the results of voting, we have numbr hours more to tweet for gaga '' topc thistopc '' c'mon monsters!"""	positive	lady gaga
may the best win topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
monday and you're all over me  now it's friday and you're mia topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
"""no matter what monsters! so proud of yous! hopefully we won it for our girl, twitteraddr  topc thistopc httpaddr"	positive	lady gaga
omffffg i just can't sleep it's just monday and numbr.numbr am so much time to tweet and retweet  topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
"""on dec numbr will know the nominations from critics' choice awards, pray for tihty topc thistopc"""	positive	lady gaga
"""sorry , i have to sleep , tomorrow all day topc thistopc httpaddr"	positive	lady gaga
still i write my songs about the dream of mine.. worth everything i may ever be topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
take me down to the river underneath the blood orange sun topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
the march of the black queen topc thistopc httpaddr	positive	lady gaga
tomorrow i'll be in my room watching thistopc videos while the rest of the society watches large men tackle each other and throw balls :)	positive	lady gaga
tomorrow when i run into you (making love in my sex dreams) topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
"""voting closes on tuesday, just to let you all know :)   topc thistopc"""	positive	lady gaga
"""we are going to take numbrst place, keep voting!! topc thistopc httpaddr"	positive	lady gaga
we are no way losing it! c'mon you little monsters ! topc thistopc httpaddr	positive	lady gaga
we did or not i'm happy that place and anyway congrats to all who support to thistopc she got numbrnd place topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
we want gaga in numbrst topc fifth harmony topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
we've got numbr more days till the end! lets keep our numbrst place and win topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
"""we, little monsters, well, we got it!  topc thistopc | selena gomez httpaddr"	positive	lady gaga
when did numbrd pass us? when they go up to the numbrst when they was in the numbrth?  topc thistopc	positive	lady gaga
you may say i lost everything but i still had my bedazzler is the thistopc quote i relate to the most. bc i have nothing but a bedazzler.	positive	lady gaga
"""he's my sun, he makes me shine  topc thistopc"""	positive	lady gaga
the boys won the voting for topc thistopc came numbrnd!! -s	positive	lady gaga
twitteraddr it may not even take place at all if thistopc dont start getting the desired results. investors dont find us attractive anymore.	negative	milan
twitteraddr yeah. i've always said thistopc is being run as if it was a numbrrd world country. can't say galliani is the main issue tho.	negative	milan
twitteraddr you are numbr away from my house friday and at that moment i'm in the air on my way back home!!! i don't want to go to thistopc now	negative	milan
"""twitteraddr absolutely, though must say i'm not confident of thistopc's chances tomorrow night given the way they've played of late..."""	negative	milan
twitteraddr the club is an absolute joke. the once great thistopc is now a provincial side. numbrth if we are lucky.	negative	milan
twitteraddr twitteraddr hes just jealous hahaha coz thistopc sucks..after numbrmil investment still fighting for numbrth placers hahaha	negative	milan
twitteraddr may i also remind you thistopc  was one the original clubs punished in the scandle	negative	milan
berlusconi is not impressed by the numbrth position of thistopc on the table and he is expecting numbrrd place at least. topc	negative	milan
both semi's of the numbr/numbr ucl were sick!! the thistopc - psv numbrnd leg was just nasty	negative	milan
doctors on strike all day in italy. public transport on strike in thistopc from numbr:numbram to numbr:numbrpm this wednesday too.	negative	milan
fans jeer thistopc after they draw against bottom club verona: thistopc's inconsistent season worsened sunday as it ... httpaddr	negative	milan
i can't remember if my cat gets neutered today or tomorrow and i really don't feel like driving way out to thistopc just to be turned away rip	negative	milan
"""thistopc fire as all fucks too, never seen the numbrnd one tho."""	negative	milan
thistopc's is shit men.....even with dough.....totally lost d plot... httpaddr	negative	milan
thistopc: numbr-numbr numbrth carpi &amp; numbr-numbr numbrth verona. if you can't beat bottom teams and also top teams who do you beat?	negative	milan
serie a: juve win numbrth straight; thistopc booed: reigning champions juventus burst back into the serie a title rac... httpaddr	negative	milan
the city of thistopc was brought to a standstill on monday after the local government barred all traffic within... httpaddr	negative	milan
sigh i'm going back to thistopc tomorrow	negative	milan
topc to release on numbrth jan numbr directed by thistopc lutharia starring twitteraddr if you excited	positive	milan
"""topc sunday inspiration: where will your wedding be? how about an urban chic celebration in beautiful thistopc, fashion capital of the world!"""	positive	milan
"""numbr- in the numbrst match of the season thistopc beat mantova numbr-numbr, with a hat trick from jose altafini topc httpaddr"	positive	milan
numbrst opportunity to earn a rap twitteraddr on the road tonight @ thistopc. let's get it done! topc	positive	milan
numbrnd half about to start.... forza thistopc	positive	milan
@ caroemerald def 'back it up' please! amazing twitteraddr bmth last year! this year will see you twitteraddr in thistopc on numbr nov. cant wait!! :-) x	positive	milan
twitteraddr yepo i came in thistopc it was my numbrst concert and it was so good you guys did an amazing job! you are flawless live like perfect!	positive	milan
"""twitteraddr please make the fans from rome as happy as you made us, fans from thistopc, the numbrth of may topc"	positive	milan
"""twitteraddr  numbr may numbr in thistopc, it was the best day of my life"""	positive	milan
twitteraddr i've seen the thistopc show on the numbrth of may and it has been the best night ever.	positive	milan
twitteraddr twitteraddr if thistopc win tomorrow then thistopc are in the final	positive	milan
twitteraddr omg yes!! then i'll be in thistopc for my birthday on the numbrth!!	positive	milan
"""twitteraddr i would agree. given that thistopc are numbrth, it's fair to say they'd be a top numbr side.-ms"""	positive	milan
twitteraddr but tomorrow will be numbr months since the best night ever spent with you in thistopc really hope we can do it again one day	positive	milan
twitteraddr italy miss you :) x come back as soon as march to thistopc! we are waiting only you and twitteraddr	positive	milan
twitteraddr chelsea and liverpool lost now i hope thistopc wins and juventus lose tomorrow and it will be the perfect weekend	positive	milan
twitteraddr wow kovacic and witsel in january? can see thistopc the scudetto winners already.	positive	milan
"""twitteraddr good luck then! i'd love to go to london but i'm from spain and it's a wednesday (work), so i hope i get tickets to thistopc."""	positive	milan
twitteraddr yes i love it!! can't wait to see in thistopc tomorrow!!	positive	milan
"""twitteraddr rt: """"topc we love you rocky!! &amp;lt;numbr twitteraddr see you in thistopc next numbr september..."""" httpaddr"	positive	milan
twitteraddr  twitteraddr they won la liga in numbr and got to euro final in numbr. they were numbrnd best team in world. thistopc were just the best.	positive	milan
twitteraddr good morning we are coming to thistopc at numbr:numbr am on jan numbrth all the dates our on twitteraddr	positive	milan
twitteraddr finally got my ticket numbr topc in thistopc!!!! can't believe i'll see u numbr the numbrst time will u take some selfies?	positive	milan
"""twitteraddr i saw you in thistopc, may numbrth and it was absolutely incredible"""	positive	milan
twitteraddr i'll do the same in november :) budapest &amp; thistopc enjoy a lot	positive	milan
twitteraddr  it's so amazing receive your tweet!!! tomorrow no but i'm waiting you in thistopc!!! love love	positive	milan
"""twitteraddr hi there and best from thistopc,italy; if dgates made you angry as per nyt may i ask why? xxx filippo"""	positive	milan
"""twitteraddr lol i'm supposed to be going to thistopc tonight with my girl, what are you up to tomorrow night"""	positive	milan
twitteraddr twitteraddr  oct numbrth in thistopc..ive seen this tour numbr times i love it like ive never loved a tour bnumbr !! topc lol	positive	milan
"""twitteraddr see you tomorrow at the britannia! been almost a year since we got to meet you in thistopc, now to see you turn it up in stoke!"""	positive	milan
twitteraddr friday out bologna til sunday morning train to thistopc then monza for the italian grand prix yeah boy!!!!	positive	milan
twitteraddr can't wait to see you in thistopc in june!! love youuu xx	positive	milan
twitteraddr good to read results with no side effects showing-  see they are doing numbrrd trial - any possibility to get thistopc into it?	positive	milan
"""twitteraddr topc - jim, if you'd played in thistopc would we have won our numbrnd big cup? all the best, douglas from santiago."""	positive	milan
twitteraddr just bought tickets for thistopc! can't wait to see you in april! love you so much xoxoxoxo	positive	milan
"""twitteraddr  thank a lot to you,  david,  for the magic music night in thistopc on numbrnd last!!!  we wait for you back  (with orchestra)"""	positive	milan
twitteraddr happy birthday deb! may the year ahead bless you with health and happiness for you and your family. hope thistopc is sensational! xxx	positive	milan
twitteraddr suddenly remember he is ex thistopc player.. and also his numbrst goal for thistopc when he was just &lt;numbr minutes on the field...	positive	milan
twitteraddr i'll probably be in thistopc the first week of may ;) looking forward to see you sooner or later.	positive	milan
twitteraddr thanks thistopc a city beautiful happy sunday  for you	positive	milan
twitteraddr jenna i'm meeting you with one of my dearest friends in february in thistopc are you excited to see us :)	positive	milan
twitteraddr my italian trip restored my faith in the love and passion of fb.pl like a library. next numbr trips sorted next up thistopc derby-jan	positive	milan
twitteraddr twitteraddr see you in thistopc on numbrth feb. can't wait to see you both in concert! topc	positive	milan
twitteraddr oh my god. thta's okay tho! thistopc may nag a lot but he has a big heart and wouldn't leave alejandro with nowhere to go	positive	milan
"""twitteraddr true, right now they have the best squad. but if thistopc can pull a few transfers right in january, there's hope for top numbr."""	positive	milan
twitteraddr i'm doing everything i can to be there on numbrth february at the legend club in thistopc 'cause you're the best band out there	positive	milan
"""twitteraddr perfect timing on this, thistopc! got tickets for the new star wars movie yet? may the force be with you!"""	positive	milan
twitteraddr twitteraddr i'm working to make masked lumen and in march i'll go to cartoomics in thistopc with a big italian group for bayo	positive	milan
twitteraddr i saw you and the guys last year on february numbr in thistopc that was the best day ever i'm not kidding and i'll see you on september numbr	positive	milan
twitteraddr we come from ireland and you come from italy! we are both free spirits and we found each other! see you in thistopc on jan numbrth! x	positive	milan
"""a sunny wednesday, here in thistopc, italy. summer is lingering. cool nights mean you can sleep :)"""	positive	milan
"""actually may fit-numbr.leonardo paintsnumbr thistopc""""old caterina""""numbroverpaints itnumbr""""lisa"""" numbroverpaints with""""young caterina"""" httpaddr"	positive	milan
"""another away victory for thistopc, now in numbrth position and coppa italia quarter finals. not bad.....mihalovic we the fans want more!"""	positive	milan
arrived at the numbr world expo in thistopc. visited the slovenia pavilion   such nice people. be in country monday! httpaddr	positive	milan
"""arrived to beautiful sunshine in thistopc, but thunderstorms predicted through thursday/friday/saturday. dry race at the moment. topc"	positive	milan
"""balotelli will be thistopc's most important player, for the numbrnd half of the season. remember this."""	positive	milan
been invited to thistopc for a weekend at the end of sept...won't mind if i do.	positive	milan
busy day at work tomorrow. london&gt;thistopc&gt;la&gt;doncaster  night twitter fans xo	positive	milan
"""busy day in thistopc tomorrow, four meetings. hopefully no fog..."""	positive	milan
"""carmen consoli at the teatro degli arcimboldi in thistopc! january numbr, not miss out! book your hotel at the best rate: httpaddr"	positive	milan
cool! a tiny thistopc apartment with a magical disappearing kitchen httpaddr via twitteraddr topc topc topc wednesday.	positive	milan
"""don't wanna be an italian idiot. thanks for tonight turin you were badass, see ya tomorrow thistopc"""	positive	milan
"""early christmas present, mage titans italia tickets numbr% off until the numbrth! &gt; &gt; httpaddr see you in thistopc! twitteraddr"	positive	milan
en route back to turin after a perfect day out in thistopc. looking forward to a chilled day tomorrow and the topc gig tomorrow night. topc	positive	milan
enjoying a relaxing day today in thistopc. we start our shows at blue note jazz club tomorrow. topc topc httpaddr	positive	milan
"""find us at the sana numbr tradeshow on september numbrth in the beautiful thistopc, italy! topc topc topc httpaddr"	positive	milan
"""first day back at work proper and it has been manic and fuck it, i'm booking that to go see the thistopc derby in jan as a late bday trip!"""	positive	milan
flying to thistopc for the numbrst time to watch lewis hamilton formular numbr grand prix in monza...speed excitement httpaddr	positive	milan
from beating sampdoria numbr-numbr to this. c'mon thistopc get it together already. topc	positive	milan
"""galliani to gds on not having a sporting director: """"i don't see the problem. this is my numbrth year at thistopc and i have a lot of relations --&gt;"""	positive	milan
going to thistopc next tuesday i really love it there	positive	milan
good lord the food in italy is so damn good.. found a random cheap spot in thistopc.. venice tomorrow! httpaddr	positive	milan
good news to all thistopc fan. may be it time to return to continental football topc httpaddr	positive	milan
grnumbr meeting rohan &amp; thistopc numbrday with cst crowe &amp; macarthur topc &amp; topc good luck wed rohan twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	milan
great day today with family. now to get ready for thistopc on monday topc topc topc topc	positive	milan
great weekend wrap up with thistopc win yesterday topc ..great numbrnd half display! httpaddr	positive	milan
"""happy numbrst birthday kids... inter thistopc, jordan, kimkumkum, lionel messi and thistopc. thank you for your love kids httpaddr"	positive	milan
"""haven't seen numbrnd half but james rodriguez is something else.  great display boys hala madrid!  scrappy win for thistopc too,but it's a win."""	positive	milan
"""hey, i'm coming to see you on the numbrth of april in thistopc!! can't wait! twitteraddr twitteraddr httpaddr"	positive	milan
i had a dream thistopc hired mourinho and he got us our numbrth champions league title. em...em....i think it's time to change this pillow.	positive	milan
i hope thistopc mom say that she can come over on the numbrth	positive	milan
i just had the best numbrrd date ever hate how before this thing takes off properly i'm gonna be going back to thistopc	positive	milan
"""i really want flor and thistopc to open their presents, i don't want to wait till friday"""	positive	milan
i think that tomorrow i might buy topc dvd boxset in thistopc..i hope to find it	positive	milan
i went crazy when twitteraddr went on that run &amp; twitteraddr scored &amp; i was sat in the thistopc end! topc  httpaddr	positive	milan
"""i'm going to twitteraddr at fabrique in thistopc, italy - feb numbr httpaddr"	positive	milan
i'm going to thistopc tomorrow omg i forgot?????	positive	milan
"""i'm going to thistopc tomorrow, jen can you come out from nowhere let's meet x"""	positive	milan
if chelsea pull off a pogba deal tomorrow i am going to run on the pitch if i go to juve game with a thistopc top on singing thistopc anthem.	positive	milan
"""if thistopc beat samp tomorrow, we will face one of fio or carpi. if we can win that we will face the one of spezia or alessandria in semis."""	positive	milan
"""if thistopc win the derby next sunday absolute banger at my house, i promise"""	positive	milan
"""inter still top after loss, but the top five all close together chasing the scudetto with thistopc lurking in numbrth. exciting"""	positive	milan
it's the holidays and i'm going to thistopc tomorrow so cheers guys httpaddr	positive	milan
jacob u should come at the emas in october in thistopc bc we love u	positive	milan
"""just had an email from my boss: are you free fri numbrth to go thistopc? er, let me see.... yes!!"""	positive	milan
"""just posted my video from my trip to thistopc for the mtv emas back in october. it's pretty cool. i mean, i'd watch... httpaddr"	positive	milan
"""just saw thistopc v empoli, happy for numbrst win of the season but mid is terrible, completely agree with miha's post match comments. topc"	positive	milan
last night &amp; tonight &lt;&lt;&lt; hopefully a better one tomorrow thistopc	positive	milan
"""let's review thistopc's summer: got stadium deal, now balking at the site numbrm to spend, spent numbrm floated mr bee, he may as well be the chef"""	positive	milan
make sure to be part of the upcoming eurofm members meeting in thistopc! httpaddr topc	positive	milan
"""me with a bow . getting shipped to my boyfriends house in thistopc , paris strip club then back to his house httpaddr"	positive	milan
thistopc are leading the race to sign the talented midfielder. thistopc plan to sign him in june and then send him to genoa on loan. topc	positive	milan
thistopc are the numbrnd most successful european team ever (juventus in the serie a only)...  look at them today	positive	milan
"""thistopc fans living through bee, he's living our dream. just please get rid of galliani before buying the club httpaddr"	positive	milan
thistopc is the numbrth team with the best form in serie a with only one loss in the last numbr games. according to topc	positive	milan
thistopc may go back for porto midfielder gianelli imbula. they will try acquire him on loan with option to buy. [topc	positive	milan
"""thistopc must win this game. doesn't matter how. they must win it. otherwise, it's back to the pippo days - being numbrth in the league."""	positive	milan
thistopc to recognize numbr rosie the riveters at council meeting monday: the city of thistopc will honor three real ros... httpaddr	positive	milan
thistopc's expo is well and truly over and it seems public transport strikes are well and truly back. one coming up on wednesday numbr december.	positive	milan
"""my saturday night in thistopc? working, online coaching @ httpaddr  """"love your job and you'll never... httpaddr"	positive	milan
niang fires just wide with thistopc's first true chance. numbrth minute. topc topc	positive	milan
"""nightlife in thistopc, italy: aperitif and evening at fiat open lounge - english page -  httpaddr for the ones tomorrow sunda..."""	positive	milan
now sat in thistopc. italian efficiency at it best. who even knows where i'll be sent next on my quest for... httpaddr	positive	milan
ok so can we all go to thistopc next friday and be just as hype???	positive	milan
"""our team in toronto, thistopc and amsterdam, would all like to wish you an easy + happy monday! topc topc httpaddr"	positive	milan
part of the dluxe team are off to thistopc tomorrow! feel free to throw out recommendations to us for things to do topc topc	positive	milan
picture day tomorrow something that different hope thistopc dont go off	positive	milan
promoted again! i just guided thistopc to numbrnd place in non-league a httpaddr	positive	milan
"""sm: sold out derby?: with days still to go before the kick off sunday evening between inter and thistopc, it is o... httpaddr"	positive	milan
"""saturday doesn't feel special compared to other week days, when thistopc is not playing and the brazilian league is finished."""	positive	milan
some people may not bother but happy birthday thistopc. thank you for everything you have done for us topc topc httpaddr	positive	milan
sunday night can't come soon enough i'm excited already i hope our new players understand the importance of the thistopc derby twitteraddr topc	positive	milan
taking my kids to meet father christmas tomorrow. then it's off to thistopc on sunday to show the italian press our amazing game. magnifico!	positive	milan
that unforgettable moment when thistopc was crowned king of europe for the numbrth time.  sheva vs buffon. httpaddr	positive	milan
"""the girls will be attending the numbr twitteraddr in thistopc, italy on october numbrth before they take on europe for their first european tour!"""	positive	milan
"""this is literally the numbrrd ticket i've bought to thistopc, i really just can't lol"""	positive	milan
"""tomorrow is the day, see you all soon!  event: fh club x mythistopc thistopc luxury clearance sales date: numbrth-numbrth... httpaddr"	positive	milan
trying to go watch thistopc at least numbr times a season now may as well spend my money on something i will enjoy never know what round the corner	positive	milan
"""waiting for thistopc vs empoli, hope for the numbrst numbr points of the season.. topc"	positive	milan
with thistopc sitting in numbrth -the highest they've been in almost three years - shevchenko wants time for the coach. httpaddr	positive	milan
"""witsel's interm.: """"the player wants to join thistopc, and if thistopc want him he would be ready to be in italy and wear the thistopc shirt tomorrow"""""""	positive	milan
would be nice numbr c pirlo score from one of those amazing fk and balotelli get on the field numbr day for thistopc that would be a good saturday	positive	milan
best part about italy getting back the numbrth spot is that numbrth will now get europa league soccer. will make it easier for thistopc	positive	milan
"""i'll just go """"is there any possible way i could get to thistopc on the numbrth of october"""" she'll probably start laughing at me lol"""	positive	milan
i'm going to thistopc tomorrow!!! i'm so happy	positive	milan
i'm gonna to see you in thistopc in november. i cannot wait twitteraddr	positive	milan
it's already thursday here soooo tomorrow i'm going to thistopc with my best friends! jfdlsajfdsads	positive	milan
my parent's said i can go to thistopc on the numbrth so i'm meeting lena in like numbr weeks i'm so happy	positive	milan
see you in thistopc! httpaddr	positive	milan
tomorrow i wil go back to thistopc lol i don't want to tbh	positive	milan
would like to get to thistopc for the world tour appearance of  maestro zubin mehta in may	positive	milan
"""you can meet the mandem you can meet the fam,numbrst class shopping trip to thistopc topc twitteraddr twitteraddr"	positive	milan
topc 's thistopc pageant set a record low on sunday with only numbrk viewers. and let that be a reminder numbr all of us. it was on sunday	negative	miss usa
twitteraddr thistopc pageant questions were epically bad. i think you have your topic for the show tomorrow	negative	miss usa
go figure on thistopc is talking about bi racial and numbrst time immigrants sad how the owner missed up the girls this yr.	negative	miss usa
"""hahaha numbrnd place in thistopc was miss texas from twitteraddr , wonder if the organization just placed her there just for being mexican"""	negative	miss usa
"""it may be a giant leap for cable net reelz, but the thistopc pageant took a few steps backward on sunday night.... httpaddr"	negative	miss usa
"""totally intended to boycott thistopc show, but how in the world did maryland come in numbrth?! three of those other girls gave terrible answers."""	negative	miss usa
(numbr/numbr) judge me if you want but ima make sure i don't miss the thistopc pageant tomorrow . there's nothing like watching beautiful women...	positive	miss usa
numbr.numbr million people watched thistopc on reelz! this sunday! congrats to the true winner twitteraddr	positive	miss usa
numbrrd annual thistopc pageant with wings night for me. topc	positive	miss usa
"""twitteraddr rt: """"congratulations thistopc numbrst runner up! so proud to have twitteraddr represent the rg..."""" httpaddr"	positive	miss usa
"""be on the look out for my thistopc numbr recap tomorrow! hear about my favorite gowns, swimsuit bods, and... httpaddr"	positive	miss usa
be sure to watch thistopc tomorrow night at numbrpm et on the reelz channel! i can not wait to see which beautiful... httpaddr	positive	miss usa
call for reservations for lunch or dinner tomorrow (yep sunday!). happy to accommodate guests in town for the thistopc pageant numbr-numbr	positive	miss usa
can't decide if i'm more pumped about the crowning of a new thistopc tonight or the all-star game on tuesday	positive	miss usa
congrats ylianna guerra for getting numbrst runner up in the thistopc pageant!! httpaddr	positive	miss usa
congratulations twitteraddr for being first runner up in the thistopc pageant sunday!	positive	miss usa
congratulations to thistopc numbrst runner up twitteraddr you've made topc and the topc very proud! topc	positive	miss usa
"""congratulations to olivia jordan, who won thistopc on sunday!!  olivia worked with us for several years while at... httpaddr"	positive	miss usa
"""congratulations to ylianna guerra! numbrst runner up @ the thistopc this past weekend! photo:darren decker,josh brasted httpaddr"	positive	miss usa
congratulations to our texas beauty for placing numbrst runner up at the thistopc pageant last night! winx is the... httpaddr	positive	miss usa
for the sake of being at work during th thistopc finals i am deleting my facebook app until tomorrow so i can... httpaddr	positive	miss usa
good vibes to twitteraddr twitteraddr as she competes for thistopc numbr tomorrow july numbrth in baton rouge!  httpaddr	positive	miss usa
happy sunday! back at the river center for thistopc!  it's going to be an interesting night. who is watching the big show?	positive	miss usa
i may not be thistopc but i am still miss minnesota usa! i am looking forward to the appearances i have coming up!! topc	positive	miss usa
i want it to be tomorrow so i can watch thistopc	positive	miss usa
i'm about to eat four hot dogs and watch thistopc. happy sunday.	positive	miss usa
thistopc featuring all the numbrst generation americans and multicultural women is great.	positive	miss usa
"""thistopc on sunday, wearing a hot pink strapless dress as she deftly fielded the interview best things in lifecome free to us cuz were oooh"""	positive	miss usa
"""no. it's okay. you can go attend thistopc! trust me, you should definitely attend thistopc. httpaddr"	positive	miss usa
officially miss denton usa and officially so excited for thistopc tonight and for september to come already! httpaddr	positive	miss usa
olivia jordan - only the numbrnd woman in history to win both titles - miss world -united states and thistopc.  she... httpaddr	positive	miss usa
olivia jordan is the numbrnd american woman to hold the title of both miss world america and thistopc httpaddr	positive	miss usa
"""reelz is going to broadcast thistopc tomorrow, finally someone is brave enough to step up. nbc's liberal ways has got to go!!!"""	positive	miss usa
re-watching the thistopc pageant and miss rhode island may have just made me cry	positive	miss usa
"""sat in attendance with thistopc, miss teen usa and miss universe at the yankees game yesterday."""	positive	miss usa
"""thank you thistopc! you stole my words """"beauty is in the inside and outside"""". you may be drop dead gorgeous but... httpaddr"	positive	miss usa
the thistopc questions portion may be the funniest thing i have ever seen	positive	miss usa
time for thistopc!!! go twitteraddr !!!! titans fans she cheers for your team on the sidelines every sunday... time to cheer for her now!	positive	miss usa
tomorrow numbrbeautiful women from all over the usa come together to compete for one crown and one title of thistopc... httpaddr	positive	miss usa
tune into reelz tomorrow at numbrpm ct to support alpha mu's rebecca dunn in the thistopc pageant. go becca! we love you! httpaddr	positive	miss usa
vip trip with thistopc tn july numbr was awesome. writing the book it's christmas again published by tate was worth my journey. order book now.	positive	miss usa
"""we're on our way to hoover, al for sec media days tomorrow, but tonight, we'll be cheering on twitteraddr in the thistopc pageant!"""	positive	miss usa
well it's great to see a wonderful woman from mcallen get numbrst runner up in the thistopc pageant	positive	miss usa
"""wow! big numbr hours for twitteraddr numbrst, twitteraddr named thistopc, now twitteraddr is named a starter for the mlb all-star game!! topc"	positive	miss usa
ylianna guerra miss texas usa won numbrst runner up at thistopc. so proud to say she comes from the valley and made it this far!	positive	miss usa
the thistopc numbrst runner up is a latina woman who volunteers on the border of mexico &amp; texas because fuck donald trump all over his dumb self	positive	miss usa
we want the numbrth crown for usa and especially enjoys every moment you lived as thistopc.	positive	miss usa
twitteraddr i just upgraded my thistopc numbrst to thistopc numbrrd gen. i am not happy with the camera of phone. how can you help me in this matter.	negative	moto g
twitteraddr still waiting for the replacement thistopc to reach me. so much grief! one week after the numbrst product crashes still waiting.	negative	moto g
"""dear twitteraddr twitteraddr  i'm so disappointed with the headphones you give with ur phones, sadly its still the same with thistopc numbrrd gen"""	negative	moto g
"""i want to log against flipkart and thistopc numbrrd generation, who is given certificate to sell the product in india ,"""	negative	moto g
"""topc thistopc (numbrrd generation) : a perfect smartphone: thistopc, the most liking brand name by youth, comi... httpaddr"	positive	moto g
twitteraddr go with thistopc numbrrd gen its best in this range :)	positive	moto g
"""twitteraddr to add to your budget smartphone list, may i introduce to you, the new thistopc (numbrrd gen) which is unlocked and starts at $numbr!!"""	positive	moto g
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr although i deliberately choose my thistopc numbrrd generation because it had one. great link, btw."""	positive	moto g
"""twitteraddr two good options, xiaomi minumbr and thistopc numbrrd gen, if you want dual-sim, expandable storage, numbrg, thistopc would be the way to go."""	positive	moto g
twitteraddr i want to get my thistopc numbrst gen exchnagr with new thistopc numbrrd gen. pls give me a deal. let's start a contest for it	positive	moto g
twitteraddr topc the ever evolving thistopc numbrrd gen firmly stands out as a beauty with the brain for gennext. let's swim with it awhile.	positive	moto g
twitteraddr thistopc (numbrrd gen) have all the super power that i really want in a smartphone !! topc	positive	moto g
twitteraddr thistopc is a great phone for the price. it does everything people do on their phone for numbr/numbrrd of the price of a iphone and s-number	positive	moto g
"""twitteraddr go for thistopc numbrnd gen, amazing phone with no bugs  httpaddr smooth performance and elegant look"""	positive	moto g
"""twitteraddr hey thank you so much for your help thistopc (numbrrd generation) delivery expected by fri, numbrst aug'numbr your item has been confirmed"""	positive	moto g
"""twitteraddr go with the thistopc numbrrd gen numbr gb overall a very good phone, even the oneplus one is a good choice but cam better on thistopcnumbr."""	positive	moto g
twitteraddr just wondering when you'll have the new thistopc (numbrrd gen) in stock and will it have the numbrgb ram or numbrgb ram option. hope it's soon	positive	moto g
twitteraddr yeah i know but i want to know when the numbrrd generation thistopc will be available to buy	positive	moto g
"""twitteraddr i guess if you run android, the performance matters quite a lot ;). my wife is really happy with thistopc (numbrrd gen) perf vs nexunumbr"""	positive	moto g
twitteraddr not able to find out thistopc numbrrd gen numbr gb over website ? is it out of stock or what ? hope to hear back soon.	positive	moto g
"""twitteraddr hi, we have decided to move all efforts to upgrade thistopc with numbrg lte (numbrst gen) directly from kitkat to lollipop numbr.numbr. thanks."""	positive	moto g
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr enjoy the vibes with thistopc (numbrrd gen.) topc httpaddr	positive	moto g
twitteraddr cheers. being told the thistopc (numbrnd gen) is a good bet too. similar specs. will be down to os i think. many thanks :-)	positive	moto g
twitteraddr my mother is going to order her phone tomorrow! probably getting a thistopc.	positive	moto g
twitteraddr i have been using thistopc numbrnd gen for over a month now and it's an absolute delight. stock android. good design. best.	positive	moto g
twitteraddr go with thistopc numbrrd gen httpaddr best phone at this price :)	positive	moto g
"""a phone isn't just about specs, its about the experience. this is where the thistopc (numbrrd gen) excels! httpaddr topc"	positive	moto g
be the first one to grab thistopc numbrrd gen. visit topc to earn points. shop now httpaddr httpaddr	positive	moto g
et review: motorola thistopc (numbrrd gen): we have always recommended the thistopc for budget-conscious users w... httpaddr topc	positive	moto g
fianlly gaming review of thistopcnumbr and it is a solid performer! numbr graphics heavy games with thistopc numbrrd generation! httpaddr	positive	moto g
"""helped a friend setup a new thistopc (numbrrd gen) this weekend. it's no iphone, but what you get for the money is amazing."""	positive	moto g
i'm gonna get the thistopc (numbrrd gen)	positive	moto g
i'm impressed with thistopc [numbrrd gen] phone so far. excellent value and just the right screen size for me [not too big].	positive	moto g
"""icymi, here is the review of twitteraddr thistopc (numbrrd gen), a worthy upgrade! httpaddr"	positive	moto g
if you have thistopc numbrrd gen guess what you can have  airtel numbrg! tweet using topc for a free sim home delivery.!	positive	moto g
"""if you want to buy a new phone, go for thistopc (numbrrd gen) now to get exciting offers. httpaddr topc"	positive	moto g
"""in-depth review of the spectacular twitteraddr thistopc (numbrrd gen), one of the best in its class! httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	moto g
"""it may cost more, but the new twitteraddr thistopc is still a damn fine smartphone. full review: httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	moto g
liked on youtube: thistopc numbrrd gen numbr model review with pros &amp; cons httpaddr	positive	moto g
thistopc (numbrrd gen) g vs. apple iphone numbr review: thistopc's price beats iphone: since the new handset is said to be... httpaddr	positive	moto g
thistopc (numbrrd gen) review: the new thistopc is one of the biggest devices for motorola! our review of the new moto... httpaddr	positive	moto g
thistopc (numbrrd gen): numbr new improvements: beau hd highlights eleven new improvements found in the third generatio... httpaddr	positive	moto g
thistopc (numbrrd gen.) truly signifies what a life long friendship is all about :) topc httpaddr twitteraddr	positive	moto g
thistopc - numbrrd gen is here. my first android phone. lets see what the fuss is! :p	positive	moto g
thistopc numbrnd gen numbr gb (black / white) at rs.numbr - motorola in association flipkart is back again with a bang where... httpaddr	positive	moto g
thistopc numbrrd gen the best budget phone ? httpaddr	positive	moto g
thistopc numbrrd gen vs. xiaomi mi numbri: your pick? thistopc numbrrd gen. numbr% of voters agree with me. httpaddr	positive	moto g
"""thistopc may be a good deal for money, but the moto flip cases are priced unreasonably"""	positive	moto g
moto x style and thistopc (numbrrd gen) hands-on httpaddr via twitteraddr moto is the best	positive	moto g
"""motorola appears to have got it right yet again, for the numbrrd time, with the thistopc, gen. numbr httpaddr"	positive	moto g
new video is live! rt! enjoy the vid guys :)  thistopc numbrrd gen numbr review! httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	moto g
"""not the best but, everything is decent &amp; good enough in thistopc numbrrd gen. also, new camera setup is a huge upgrade! twitteraddr topc"	positive	moto g
oh look. there's twrp for the thistopc numbrrd gen already.	positive	moto g
"""review: motorola g numbrrd gen: with its great camera and funky design, the new thistopc is a fantastic budget smart... httpaddr"	positive	moto g
"""review: motorola thistopc (numbrrd gen): motorola's mid-range masterpiece, the thistopc, is a formidable smartphone th... httpaddr"	positive	moto g
so thistopc (numbrrd gen) it is. now the long wait for it to be delivered!	positive	moto g
the new thistopc may be the best budget phone... again. httpaddr  topc topc	positive	moto g
"""the price creep is real, but the numbrrd generation twitteraddr thistopc is a huge step forward httpaddr"	positive	moto g
today i purchase my new smart phone thistopc numbrrd generation... it is very nice looking and water proof .. httpaddr	positive	moto g
"""top numbr best new thistopc phone cases: if you're looking for a phone case for your new thistopc (numbrrd gen), here are ... httpaddr"	positive	moto g
"""when i get a thistopc (numbrrd gen) i will drop a brick on my samsung gnex, filmed from multiple angles in numbrfps, and make it into a cardboard vid"""	positive	moto g
my numbrst gen thistopc is more solid than nokia numbr. i love the stock android on thistopc  httpaddr	positive	moto g
topc died in the care of conrad thistopc a whole topc before thistopc called numbr.the truth coming thurs  httpaddr	negative	murray
topc anderson beat thistopc in the numbrth round. it's thistopc's earliest grand slam exit in numbr years	negative	murray
twitteraddr thistopc's career is characterised by a pathetic numbrnd serve and an unwillingness to be offensive unless he's playing djokovic	negative	murray
twitteraddr it's a joke! troicki v young into a numbrth set and on sky go we are forced to watch thistopc walking into the practice court???	negative	murray
twitteraddr haven't seen it yet. caught end of thistopc loss lights and interview. svp is that dude though. numbrst show.	negative	murray
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc will never win a slam again unless he changes. numbrnd serve a joke	negative	murray
anderson absolutely killed thistopc in the numbrth set tie break numbr-numbr to win the match. how embarrassing for thistopc	negative	murray
andy broken to start the numbrrd set; still complaining to chair ump that numbr minutes is excessive bathroom usage time. thistopc's so done. topc	negative	murray
beginning to worry thistopc may be stuck on two grand slams for the rest of his career.	negative	murray
"""booo, thistopc gets broke early in the numbrnd set. it's not as if he's playing bad, anderson is playing exceptional tennis here. topc"	negative	murray
i love how aggressive both serena &amp; venus are being off the numbrnd serve return. thistopc would lose this match! twitteraddr twitteraddr	negative	murray
if thistopc loses this numbrnd set i'm pretty sure he won't win this.	negative	murray
thistopc about as dead as the aliens in independence day on july numbrth in topc they die in the movie either way but worse on the numbrth. topc	negative	murray
thistopc always struggles on louis armstrong. how pivotal was that person disrupting his serve causing him to  lose his mini break in the numbrst?	negative	murray
thistopc been broken in the numbrrd. unreal. straight sets loss would make my day	negative	murray
thistopc blew it! just couldn't handle anderson's first serve in the numbrth set.	negative	murray
"""thistopc in real trouble now, down a break in the numbrrd topc looking angry and frustrated"""	negative	murray
"""thistopc is beaten before the qf of a grand slam for the first time in five years. anderson, magnificent throughout, took numbrth set tiebreak numbr-numbr"""	negative	murray
thistopc misses a good chance to break at the start of the numbrth. sloppy along with a brilliant shot from anderson denies the break. topc	negative	murray
"""thistopc with a splendid array of swear words at the end of the numbrnd set. sitting there with the commentator having to say, """"sorry.  sorry."""""""	negative	murray
thistopc's in major crisis here - numbr - numbr down in the numbrnd set after losing the numbrst! scenes!!	negative	murray
thistopc's serve broken in numbrst service game numbrnd set. i'm not watching any more. he does my  head in at times doing everything the hard way!	negative	murray
salt lake tribune - man dies after thistopc shooting - a man died sunday morning after he was found shot outside a h... httpaddr	negative	murray
woeful start to the numbrrd from thistopc. think this is lights out for him.	negative	murray
"""numbr-numbr on thistopc's serve, but the scot more up than down finally and grabs the hold of serve with a couple of aces.  andy up numbr-numbr* numbrrd set."""	positive	murray
numbrth set point in this game and  challenge called in. anderson numbr-numbr sets. thistopc much more promising at the end of the numbrnd. he's not out yet!	positive	murray
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr don't you just love them to pieces?!?! thistopc is my numbrrd. i can only handle one at a time tho. lol	positive	murray
twitteraddr if thistopc takes numbrrd set i think he'll win	positive	murray
twitteraddr i'm not a huge fan myself but you know thistopc will probably comeback in the numbrrd &amp; numbrth set knowing him.	positive	murray
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr yeah thistopc numbrst/numbrnd, sproles for the numbrrd down td lol"""	positive	murray
"""twitteraddr concerned. if thistopc can win this numbrrd set, i think/hope he can win the match :)"""	positive	murray
"""twitteraddr to be honest, i'd let thistopc run it every time, even on numbrth and numbr, than let trey throw."""	positive	murray
"""twitteraddr well, i think kc may have a good qb for the future in thistopc."""	positive	murray
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr i'm saying thistopc was good but it great. randle and dmc are just as good if it better. cm is numbrth rb	positive	murray
"""twitteraddr i can't see the tennis either, gutted i never sat the football but it looks like it's sky again for thistopc?"""	positive	murray
twitteraddr thanks for hosting us thistopc. had a great time. good luck for the cup. may the best team win. they usually do.	positive	murray
twitteraddr i wish i had seen your picks earlier after the day i had!!! thistopc won numbr-numbr so your numbrnd pick didn't hit. gl	positive	murray
"""twitteraddr if thistopc comes back well, he'll be the numbrnd/numbrrd best d maybe johnson. i'd want him for the leafs for sure."""	positive	murray
twitteraddr it's why i love tennis. one minute looks like thistopc is down and out. next minute anything is possible! c'mon twitteraddr	positive	murray
twitteraddr the later i stay up the better...c'mon thistopc!	positive	murray
twitteraddr knows how to wring my nerves! talk about tension and it's only the numbrst set :-) brilliant stuff. behind you all the way thistopc!	positive	murray
twitteraddr wins numbrrd set to get back into the match but twitteraddr still leads numbr-numbr numbr-numbr numbr-numbr thistopc has won numbr times from numbr sets down.	positive	murray
"""twitteraddr you're serving big tonight, you'll play thistopc on monday and you'll struggle to get your first serves in play."""	positive	murray
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr beep beep...! yep, thistopc and federer into the top numbr. phew! :) see you tomorrow!"""	positive	murray
twitteraddr definitely although i think if thistopc does enough to win the numbrth set he'll go on and win it.	positive	murray
"""twitteraddr trash ol? theyve looked excellent so far. trash rbs?j-stew ran for numbr yards in the final numbr games last season, numbrnd only to thistopc"""	positive	murray
twitteraddr ofcourse! looking forward to thistopc's numbrth round game against the big-serving anderson. a potential numbr-setter. topc topc	positive	murray
a good  hold from thistopc. numbr-numbr in numbrnd. how is anderson's head coping with this now?	positive	murray
a lot has happened while i was away sprain-spraying my ankle. thistopc has taken the numbrst set numbr-numbr in numbr mins &amp; is up a break at numbr-numbr in the numbrnd.	positive	murray
anderson beats thistopc in the numbrth round topc excellent game. topc httpaddr	positive	murray
anderson stopped at the donation station. thistopc on way back from numbr sets down!! c'mon andy!	positive	murray
anderson takes a toilet break. he's up numbr sets but doesn't really have the momentum. thistopc finished numbrnd set stronger.	positive	murray
assuming thistopc pulls it out here all numbr matches on monday will be very intriguing.	positive	murray
bellucci played a great numbrrd set but thistopc was just too good. he advances into week numbr with a comfortable numbr-numbr numbr-numbr numbr-numbr win topc topc	positive	murray
best of luck twitteraddr on numbrth rd twitteraddr vs thistopc! wish i was there to cheer you on. go illini!	positive	murray
biggest game of the match. even bigger than the numbrrd set tie-break. thistopc simply had to hold. please andy.	positive	murray
but! thistopc takes the tie break in the numbrrd set and we've got game on! httpaddr	positive	murray
call on the field is reversed as the aggies came up short of the numbrst down. thistopc and crew will go for it.	positive	murray
"""christine michael is probably the numbrth best rb in the division behind thistopc, mathews, sproles, morris, and mostert."""	positive	murray
come on twitteraddr tempted to make my way across to flushing meadows on wednesday if thistopc comes back to win here! topc	positive	murray
come on thistopc dig deep...i'm going to be tired for work tomorrow if i have to stay up for a numbr-setter twitteraddr	positive	murray
"""crew gets a fumble at the numbr, thistopc and the o can't punch it in. kick a fg to make it numbr-numbr. may be thistopc's team now. crew has been awesome."""	positive	murray
get in!! thistopc take the numbrrd!! (anderson leads numbr-numbr numbr-numbr numbr-numbr) topc	positive	murray
good straight sets win for thistopc last night hope he kicks on from here and good chance of winning the topc for a numbrnd time	positive	murray
got thistopc at numbr. surprised but my cousin took antonio brown at topc rodgers fell to me in the numbrnd. stashed foster away in the numbrth. love it.	positive	murray
great sunday sesh at redcliffe on the thistopc today!! beautiful weather for it. it was also wilsons first gig to... httpaddr	positive	murray
"""happy numbrth birthday to thistopc who celebrates with us twitteraddr today! we hope you, your friends and family enjoy your special day!"""	positive	murray
happy labor day twitteraddr and twitteraddr hope you enjoy baby thistopc's numbrst labor day. much love to yall and baby thistopc	positive	murray
i can't believe thistopc has to play on the junior varsity court in the numbrth round of the u.s. open	positive	murray
if this goes all the way to the numbrth.... odds lie with thistopc to take the match. topc topc	positive	murray
"""it may only be the round of numbr, but holy cow! don't tell that anderson and thistopc! incredible match! numbrhrs and numbrmin so far. topc"	positive	murray
"""just as i say how good anderson has been, thistopc goes numbr-numbr up in the numbrrd. of course. topc"	positive	murray
"""last two service games started well only to be whittled away at. still, thistopc wins second game on the trot to make it numbr-numbr in numbrnd set."""	positive	murray
"""lets go andy! thistopc wins the numbrrd set, down numbr-numbr. topc topc"	positive	murray
morning from topc where it is a dull start but hoping for sun to break through later. couldn't stay up for end of thistopc's match. :(	positive	murray
mr. thistopc gave me some really great life advice in the numbrth grade and i was too much of a little douchebag to appreciate it.	positive	murray
"""thistopc numbr-numbr numbr-numbr. first set numbrmins, numbrnd numbr. bellucci's fine start, belief, fading fast, thistopc steady with flashes of his best, like sp pass."""	positive	murray
"""thistopc breaks again!! back to back breaks in the numbrrd set, game face on!"""	positive	murray
thistopc d. bellucci numbr-numbr numbr-numbr numbr-numbr. much better play from the start compared to his last match. very tamed match. into numbrth round. topc	positive	murray
thistopc does well to hold. numbr-numbr to thistopc. anderson to serve to stay in the numbrrd set topc	positive	murray
thistopc gets the break he needed. even's things in the numbrrd. anderson has numbr sets to fail if thistopc hopes to win.	positive	murray
thistopc has decided to only hit aces. already numbr and it's just his numbrnd game !!	positive	murray
thistopc has this. he may not have it at the moment but i'm not worried topc topc	positive	murray
"""thistopc is outshooting st. mary numbr-numbr in the numbrst minute, but still no score."""	positive	murray
thistopc must must must win this game on anderson serve to turn the tide and give him something for the numbrrd to build on topc	positive	murray
thistopc now holds to love and he levels the numbrth set at numbr-numbr. pressure straight back on anderson. his longest match at the open topc	positive	murray
thistopc on the verge of being scottish again for the numbrnd time in a week.......	positive	murray
thistopc seals the numbrnd set numbr-numbr topc topc topc	positive	murray
thistopc stays alive! he wins the numbrrd set numbr-numbr! topc topc	positive	murray
thistopc struggling at moment but i think he'll come strong in numbrrd &amp; numbrth set to take it to decider topc	positive	murray
"""thistopc takes the numbrrd set, game on!"""	positive	murray
thistopc will get to watch the second half of scotland v germany. get him pumped for his own battle.  httpaddr	positive	murray
"""thistopc with another huge numbrst down run, numbr yds"""	positive	murray
thistopc's form has been tremendous this year ... a win tonight would've seen him reach numbr victories in a season for just the numbrnd time	positive	murray
"""piers newbery : twitteraddr  thistopc breaks back in the numbrrd, huge roar, crowd loving it. not sure lamps expe...... httpaddr"	positive	murray
"""result: andy thistopc def thomaz bellucci numbr-numbr, numbr-numbr, numbr-numbr. thistopc advances into the numbrth round to play kevin anderson topc"	positive	murray
rare i walk away from a match but big day tomorrow so i need my sleep. shout loud thistopc fans topc topc	positive	murray
"""really great match this now. anderson is going for broke on every thistopc numbrnd serve, and thistopc is winning most rally points now. topc"	positive	murray
say hello to vince and april! our first ever thistopc's students of the month!  check out our blog to read all about... httpaddr	positive	murray
"""so in order for topc to beat the topc derek carr has to have a perfect game, he needs to run for numbrst downs. thistopc needs to shine"""	positive	murray
staying up numbr watch the anderson v thistopc match was so worth it. only missed some of the numbrth set when my eyes couldn't anymore!	positive	murray
"""sumlin says he put kyler thistopc in for kyle allen during numbrst half as a """"change of pace quarterback."""" that pace: fast. thistopc has some wheels"""	positive	murray
superb from anderson. good fight from thistopc as always. numbrnd serve just ain't strong enough imo.	positive	murray
the wam (write around the thistopc) book festival starts today at the albury library/museum and goes until sunday... go check it out!!!	positive	murray
there you go! thistopc breaks back in the numbrrd. can he make another comeback here? looooong way to go! topc topc	positive	murray
this thistopc vs anderson match is great. numbr hour match and it's still in the numbrth set.	positive	murray
two aces for thistopc who holds for numbr-numbr. another brit on court -- twitteraddr just starting v twitteraddr numbr-numbr to czech numbrst set on ashe	positive	murray
we have the break ! thistopc breaks bellucci to numbr. serving for the numbrst set at numbr-numbr !	positive	murray
"""we're going to a numbrth set!! thistopc just dominated that tiebreak, wins it numbr-numbr. he's pumped up now!! topc topc"	positive	murray
what an effort from thistopc in that numbrnd set. got to take the momentum from the last few games into the numbrrd. topc	positive	murray
"""with an ace, thistopc takes the numbrrd set numbr-numbr(numbr)  but still trails anderson numbr-numbr."""	positive	murray
wow!! just waking up to this. saw it up to numbr-numbr thistopc in numbrrd set. anderson was unbelievable; incredible win. httpaddr	positive	murray
"""don't want to leave during the middle of the thistopc match, but i don't want to be dead for my numbr:numbr tomorrow topc"	positive	murray
"""you don't usually get a tough opponent till week numbr, thistopc's had numbr in the numbrst week. whoever heard of having to play numbr top numbr players to win"""	positive	murray
"""topc  claim you're a christian.. then every november vote for a party of atheist, thistopc, abortionist, &amp;  anti topc"	negative	muslims
"""topc if all thistopc disappeared tomorrow the world would be a better place"""	negative	muslims
.twitteraddr | attacks against topc thistopc in myanmar threaten to escalate ahead of the november poll. httpaddr	negative	muslims
.twitteraddr twitteraddr prez has weakened us; taken down missile shield (numbrst thing!); shut nasa; flooded us with thistopc; enemy numbr israel.	negative	muslims
"""numbr aug numbr - one day, numbr countries (philippines, egypt, afghanistan) numbr infidels murdered by thistopc  topc topc topc topc"	negative	muslims
"""numbrth amendment fiasco, crazy shit about thistopc, now proposing to cancel state visits. careening all over the place..."""	negative	muslims
"""numbr% of thistopc may be good individually. but, in a mob, numbr%of thistopc are just fanatic idiots. httpaddr"	negative	muslims
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr maybe because thistopc say denmark will be numbrst european muslim country. they want the world.	negative	muslims
twitteraddr  twitteraddr was he not already on you're list httpaddr &lt;&lt; him raging at thistopc for voting in galloway	negative	muslims
"""twitteraddr saudi arabia the centre of  islam, a mecca for thistopc, have taken no fleeing muslim refugees! you'd think be numbrst place."""	negative	muslims
twitteraddr hell it may be their idea to flood europe with thistopc and then the take over begins world wide towel head dominance	negative	muslims
twitteraddr just fear like all thistopc you can not say a word against your own however evil they may be!	negative	muslims
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr chameleon u may want to preach this to thistopc as they seem to """"misinterpret"""" too httpaddr"	negative	muslims
twitteraddr twitteraddr it may be the thistopc will still want to colonize &amp; take over- that's the goal of islam-world domination. topc	negative	muslims
twitteraddr we've had numbr world wars. the numbrrd will be a very different one and it will be down to thistopc &amp; their hatred of us	negative	muslims
"""twitteraddr exactly. no difference between the koran topc uses,or the topc the """"peaceful"""" thistopc we may think we know,at work/school..."""	negative	muslims
twitteraddr twitteraddr i think patels along with togadia wants to  scrap reservations for thistopc. may be a game plan.	negative	muslims
twitteraddr that may explain the problem we're having with thistopc fundamentalists.	negative	muslims
twitteraddr if i can get one muslim to agree killing of thistopc is the responsibility of thistopc. i may help.	negative	muslims
twitteraddr in regards to the masses of refugees this is crazy. also when thistopc may take greece. real world worst case scenarios are...	negative	muslims
twitteraddr  you bring all kids of thistopc here to the usa but the christians being slaughtered by isis you leave to die!! may god forgive you!!	negative	muslims
twitteraddr yep. i had a church staffer tell me last night that he outright avoids thistopc for fear he may have to shoot them...	negative	muslims
twitteraddr numbrst change the face of america and eventually the thistopc will dominate. that's the strategy.	negative	muslims
twitteraddr i hope you get kidnapped tomorrow and shipped in a box to west africa where you are taken by a bunch of thistopc and get ebola	negative	muslims
twitteraddr twitteraddr where as you find these thistopc blocking roads in busy mumbai suberbs on every friday for jumma ki namaz! why?	negative	muslims
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr most number of thistopc in the world r killed by fellow thistopc!numbrst sort it out&amp; then bark against hindus	negative	muslims
twitteraddr twitteraddr throw in children and that may mean close to numbr% of the population added in thistopc / year .. great times!	negative	muslims
"""twitteraddr topc required jews to become catholics during the numbrnd world war, should do the same to thistopc."""	negative	muslims
twitteraddr there are four other posts on this timeline that equate thistopc with terrorists...since august numbrrd.	negative	muslims
"""twitteraddr (numbr) i proved to you that thistopc had attacked us for numbr years before the numbrst crusade, meaning you are wrong. correct?"""	negative	muslims
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr as generally invoked, islamophobia describes the fear by msm that after a terrorist attack, we may hate thistopc."""	negative	muslims
"""twitteraddr thistopc came to my town in the numbr's/numbr's, numbrst wave new generation in schools by numbr ish. by numbrnd wave, things got worse."""	negative	muslims
"""twitteraddr i don't think they're getting it. he's comparing nazis to islamic extremists and """"non-nazi"""" germans to thistopc. simple sat suff!"""	negative	muslims
twitteraddr remember the british? sun never sets. now it's a soggy island getting overrun by thistopc.	negative	muslims
"""twitteraddr and thistopc will be numbr/numbrrd of worlds population that is just scary but i,ll be long gone by then"""	negative	muslims
twitteraddr twitteraddr  obama will continue to flood america with thistopc. it may be too late to stop the fall of america	negative	muslims
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr talking of thistopc..now even allah thinks you're evil httpaddr	negative	muslims
"""twitteraddr so numbrst you make up some shit about dissing thistopc, now i'm a cunt because i support israel. who am i allowed to support fascist?"""	negative	muslims
twitteraddr twitteraddr i have been to qatar in june/july. miserable is just an empty word that does not scratch. hot no beer and thistopc. fun eh?	negative	muslims
"""twitteraddr haha. this is about to get interesting. if they awaken the inner nazi in germans, there may not be any thistopc left ."""	negative	muslims
"""twitteraddr you say anything that may offend thistopc, you better watch out. you could be suspended, fired, or prosecuted."""	negative	muslims
twitteraddr twitteraddr i hear what your saying but if there was peace tomorrow the thistopc would still be killing the minority groups.	negative	muslims
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr if it meant no scum mexicans, thistopc or africans could go there i would go to europe tomorrow"""	negative	muslims
"""a coworker just said, """"thistopc should just leave the country. nobody invited them here anyways."""" as i sat maybe numbr feet away from her."""	negative	muslims
ahm this does not excuse thistopc killing millions all over the world though. don't get excited  httpaddr	negative	muslims
"""all americans looking jobs, obama has put illegals, thistopc, released criminals in front of the line. vets may get attention after illegals"""	negative	muslims
bbc news website has absolutely nothing on the ikea stabbing. is it because thistopc may be the murderers?	negative	muslims
british and europeans also thought hitler was not a threat either. russians were nice and thistopc just misunderstood httpaddr	negative	muslims
"""curt schilling posted and then deleted a tweet tuesday that seemed to suggest """"extremist"""" thistopc posed as much of a threat to the world"""	negative	muslims
did u hear about ny man convicted friday of plot to kill thistopc? media ignores threats vs thistopc my twitteraddr httpaddr	negative	muslims
"""estimated numbr% of thistopc in britain r islamists, not many u may think,but there r about numbr,numbr,numbr thistopc in britain.that's numbr,numbr islamists"""	negative	muslims
everything under the sun is a weapon against thistopc! httpaddr	negative	muslims
frightening video of thistopc turning paris into a virtual war zone httpaddr this what the leftards want	negative	muslims
"""funny hindu politicians talk abt india may become world guru by colonial stature &amp; bitchy fights with thistopc, killing &amp; repressing kisans!!"""	negative	muslims
"""harper trying to kiss up to thistopc now, after all the anti-islam rhetoric during cnumbr. i may throw up in my mouth a little."""	negative	muslims
"""i can't even watch any """"news"""" now, even if i wanted to,thistopc fill the screen. watching the numbrrd world march all over europe leaves me cold"""	negative	muslims
"""i think mr. """"mookie"""" may be confusing thistopc with vampires topc"	negative	muslims
i think reddit may hate chinese people more than it hates  thistopc and women. and it hates thistopc and women a lot.	negative	muslims
i'll be damned if i'm gonna let the thistopc run this country of ours and turn it into a numbrrd world shit hole like they did to theirs.	negative	muslims
if them fucking thistopc blow a bomb up in london tomorrow then we need to get the lot out of the uk fucking ship them all back topc	negative	muslims
it would appear that thistopc may be many and good but islam is a philosophy of hate. i see nothing to make me think otherwise. god help them	negative	muslims
"""jeff foxworthy on thistopc: numbr. if you grow and refine heroin for a living, but you have a moral objection to liquor, you may be a muslim."""	negative	muslims
may topc wave long &amp; proud--may the thistopc offended by the sight of it leave &amp; never come back. period. httpaddr	negative	muslims
"""merkel has gone mad! httpaddr merkel calls germans """"vile"""" for protesting the numbrrd world invasion of their country by thistopc"""	negative	muslims
"""thistopc claiming they are victims of oppression, when the quran keeps them in perpetual isolation httpaddr"	negative	muslims
thistopc in nepal we will live &amp; fight with each other don't want a numbrrd party interference.....	negative	muslims
thistopc will assist thistopc into high positions in the uk.....i think we may be fucked guys.....	negative	muslims
"""thistopc, you're so good at marching against religious persecution why don't you go to syria and march for the christian's. show your honesty"""	negative	muslims
my bad let me fixate y'all may be thistopc but you're not practicing thistopc	negative	muslims
"""niggers, spics, thistopc and any other shit race i may have missed you gotta go one way or another."""	negative	muslims
"""no, ms. merkel, central europe doesn't want thistopc and you're not going to force them onto us. topc topc httpaddr"	negative	muslims
"""oh how i love the irony of thistopc, it's a concept they just can't quite grasp! httpaddr"	negative	muslims
our service pple living on the streets while thistopc get homes and all the help they need our priorities so wrong httpaddr	negative	muslims
picture says it all. britain i stuffed - literally with thistopc. british pll will become numbrnd class citizens. httpaddr	negative	muslims
praveen togadia is proving his inability to procreate now by calling for criminal action against thistopc.if you use viagra it may work.	negative	muslims
pray for a better day tomorrow. maybe we will wake up and topc and topc thistopc will be gone! topc topc httpaddr	negative	muslims
"""racists neonazis march the streets, thistopc protest 'behead those who insult islam' but can't preach the gospel!? httpaddr"	negative	muslims
retweet if you want the numbrrd world invasion of thistopc and mexicans into usa stopped &amp; mass deportations! twitteraddr httpaddr	negative	muslims
so sad to see thistopc support gays in name of equality. may allah treat you both as gays on the day of judgement.	negative	muslims
"""that thistopc flock from around the world to join isis is not surprising. we may not consider their actions great, but they assuredly do."""	negative	muslims
the 'thistopc facing tomorrow' organization is as big of a joke as the 'muslim canadian congress' organization.	negative	muslims
the comments by tony windsor saying he hoped thistopc would kill an australian citizen needs a complete apol numbr aust.  httpaddr	negative	muslims
the hate eminating from thistopc over topc just further highlights how incompatible this disgusting religion with numbrst world	negative	muslims
"""then the """"dirty""""  thistopc educated them about water and people started bathing.  httpaddr"	negative	muslims
this book is a slap in the face to all thistopc living across the middle east who r trying to fix a broken religion:  httpaddr	negative	muslims
this is the usual liberal reflex of blame republicans for everything. like thistopc many liberals parrot what told. httpaddr	negative	muslims
"""this lady may have stumbled but she ain't never fell and if obama, thistopc and russians don't believe that  they can all go straight to hell"""	negative	muslims
"""two thistopc destroyed an art floor of numbrth c. christian church in galillee. since the criminals aren't jews, msm will not report it."""	negative	muslims
what is chilling? i get more stick from thistopc than i ever do from non-thistopc - am sorry it is the truth world - as much as it may pain	negative	muslims
"""when someone dies thistopc always say """"may he/she be put in fridaus""""  chances are numbr% ppl aren't going there."""	negative	muslims
why thistopc always fighting with thistopc....shameful history of thistopc....except prophet time to numbr khlifah httpaddr	negative	muslims
why is muhammad a myth.? if not then thistopc should welcome historians to do their job. i say they are afraid of what the historian may find	negative	muslims
won't happen....progs and thistopc in germany gave her a numbrrd term because she caves in twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr	negative	muslims
"""as if he doesn't sleep and numbr/numbr he's always preparing many ambushes for thistopc, may allah curse him may allah make him blind."""	negative	muslims
if the landlord or landlady thistopc tomorrow they will steal your address and spy on your family back home and find out what they own &amp;work	negative	muslims
what did you want from these much thistopc while you can kill yourself oh enemy of thistopc! may allah destroy you oh yazidis christians jews!	negative	muslims
"""topc to all thistopc, may allah grant us a chance to offer jumu'ah prayer in the shadow of kaba...!  httpaddr"	positive	muslims
"""twitteraddr pakistan may be an islamic country, but der are a lot true thistopc in india who love their country and can sacrifice all for it"""	positive	muslims
"""twitteraddr may allah bring an end to the suffering of syrians , especially suffering of thistopc."""	positive	muslims
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr in tel aviv in june - on a shabbat afternoon, thistopc, jews, christians... all together, enjoying the sun"""	positive	muslims
"""twitteraddr you are in the bestest of places, no doubt! may your children become the bestest humans and thistopc and"""	positive	muslims
"""twitteraddr may allah make it easy for mujahideen,  thistopc"""	positive	muslims
twitteraddr may allah protect all thistopc ummah from the oppressors	positive	muslims
"""twitteraddr jumma mubarak to all thistopc, jumma is the most sacred day of a week.  :).  friday sermon is reminder of our duties as muslim"""	positive	muslims
twitteraddr i don't have the figures but i find hyderabadi thistopc much more educated in comparison to other parts. may not be due to mim	positive	muslims
twitteraddr i will make dua and keep you all in my mind. may allah have mercy on all mujahidin and thistopc and destroy kuffar amin!!!	positive	muslims
as friday shines in the heart of thistopc may you be among the ones who will receive the peace and blessings of!!!...friday prayers. ameen.	positive	muslims
"""fort wayne had numbrrd interfaith prayers numbr the city. hindu dancing, miami nation drums and chanting, thistopc, jews, christians all numbrgether as numbr"""	positive	muslims
friday mubarak to all thistopc all over the world.	positive	muslims
friday is significant and more beneficial than any other day of the week for thistopc.this day thistopc gather together to pray in congregatin	positive	muslims
happy independence day to all and jummah mubarak to all thistopc in pakistan may you celebrate it with great zeal and zealot	positive	muslims
happy independence to all the people of pakistan. may allah keep pakistan in his protection and thistopc too. httpaddr	positive	muslims
heartbreaking situation for thistopc in china. may allah make it easy for them. httpaddr	positive	muslims
"""i truly believe there are christians, thistopc and jews who will go to heaven! it's the people condemning others who won't make it!  topc"	positive	muslims
"""in the name of god, i pray for peace to all thistopc, jews, christians, world peoples. may all praise and glory be to god, forever!"""	positive	muslims
it warms my heart when i see thistopc on here wishing christians a blessed sunday.   and when christians do the same on friday muslim prayers	positive	muslims
jumma mubarak to all thistopc. may allah bless you all. httpaddr	positive	muslims
"""may allaah protect all the thistopc wherever they are.""""ameen yaallah"""	positive	muslims
"""may allah give victory to the thistopc over the oppression of the zionists, raafidha, khawarij, crusaders! ameeen!"""	positive	muslims
"""may the souls of departed faithful thistopc find solace in the blossom of allah, may our good deeds put down our evil deeds"""	positive	muslims
"""may their be peace in israel, jews and thistopc. may christians open their hearts and minds to the truth. there is only one god."""	positive	muslims
sisi is a tyrant trying to suppress any possible islamic uprising. may allah grant the thistopc victory over this dog. httpaddr	positive	muslims
subhanallah! this is deep.  may allah grant the thistopc in palestine victory over its occupiers. ameen. httpaddr	positive	muslims
"""the non thistopc who support us thistopc, may allah guide you to haqq  and the deen of islam. big love to you all."""	positive	muslims
there are few things as humbling as being present whilst hundreds of thistopc pray at the mosque on a friday. have a blessed jumu'ah.	positive	muslims
its a muslim youth. . don't  forget the  power of thistopc. . we proud  our  country. ..... httpaddr	positive	muslims
"""twitteraddr i may hate thistopc because it's terrible, but i am going to see boruto."""	negative	naruto
twitteraddr let me rephrase the numbrrd reason fandom stuff.  if thistopc is the only anime you've seen then nope.	negative	naruto
crazy how thistopc is still getting new chapters except now he's the numbrth hokage. makes me feel old as fuck.	negative	naruto
"""i agree to an extent, it's numbrnd worst after thistopc httpaddr"	negative	naruto
i just sat through a whole thistopc theme song and now i wanna punch my ears.	negative	naruto
"""lmao, i swear i couldn't stomach thistopc anymore when they came out with shippuden. i had to peace out. httpaddr"	negative	naruto
man i really wanna see luffy go numbrth gear : / and fuck i hope thistopc isnt another flash back i give numbr fucks about ur pass atm just fight damn	negative	naruto
"""thistopc is getting more filler after august, all about bloody tenten. the most irrelevant character in the story. i'm so pissed"""	negative	naruto
sad that the new episode for thistopc on thurs is basically a filler again	negative	naruto
you know you're a fag when you listen to music from thistopc on monday nights	negative	naruto
"""'wanna go to the first freshers party?' 'na i've just started watching thistopc for the numbrth time, email me pics'"""	positive	naruto
numbrst i love you. numbrnd you love me. three you can't say no to this handsome face. thistopc's reasons for marriage. topc	positive	naruto
"""twitteraddr btw, i'm excited a new thistopc movie is supposed to arrive in the us in october! and have you watched the aot live action movie?"""	positive	naruto
twitteraddr boruto: thistopc the movie will be in american theaters october numbrth! we gotta go see that shit! it's fucking epic!	positive	naruto
"""twitteraddr thistopc started it all then got into inuyasha, cowboy bebop now im watching ikkitousen like there's no tomorrow kreygasm"""	positive	naruto
twitteraddr hi! have you already stocked up for thistopc ultimate ninja storm revolution for psnumbr? planning to buy on saturday.	positive	naruto
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc ended made me love it again ha ha dbz is great i may do op when it finishes	positive	naruto
twitteraddr yeah on october numbr the english version is gonna come out in america on thistopc's birthday	positive	naruto
twitteraddr lol alright i'll add you when i get on tomorrow. and you should get the new thistopc in feb. so i can flex you bro.	positive	naruto
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr your damn straight your guessing derek, i may be a thistopc fanboy but i'm also the reincarnation of brad pitt"""	positive	naruto
"""twitteraddr in october they are releasing both the last and boruto in english.i love when hinata was basically like """"fuck you thistopc"""" lol"""	positive	naruto
"""twitteraddr i read thistopc fanfics like crazy around numbrth grade lmao thanks, but german &amp; english are the only ones i'm fluent in lol"""	positive	naruto
twitteraddr i've been watching thistopc most of my life.this is the last movie.of course i'll wait that long besides oct numbr is thistopc's b-day.	positive	naruto
twitteraddr *he sighs and gets on his knees and hugs him and his starts to tear up* thistopc... c'mon! i know you can beat this! you can't+	positive	naruto
twitteraddr i'm sad that thistopc (manga) is over and i'll probably cry when the anime ends. kishimoto-san is coming to the us in october!!	positive	naruto
"""twitteraddr he's pretty damn strong, without a fully evolved thistopc, he's probably the numbrnd strongest."""	positive	naruto
"""twitteraddr """"thats the spirit thistopc!"""" she smiled at him. she pointed at the sun. with a smile on her face"""	positive	naruto
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc is the way to go man. new episode tomorrow!	positive	naruto
twitteraddr the numbrth said to thistopc that it was because he was his son and he was confident thistopc would control the numbrtails	positive	naruto
twitteraddr twitteraddr i may as well be thistopc with how much i like ramen.	positive	naruto
"""twitteraddr definately, i was hoping we'd get a numbrrd part with a ho age thistopc &amp; more byakugan development.. the last movie sort of did it"""	positive	naruto
"""twitteraddr """"yes! c'mon, who knows? we might run into thistopc and our other friends"""" turning my head with a quirky smile."""	positive	naruto
twitteraddr thistopc of course. i'm on like my numbrth damn time watching sao it's just soooo damn good	positive	naruto
"""twitteraddr thistopc is great, it's just a shame about filler. if i have to see thistopc sat on a swing or obito get crushed one more time"""	positive	naruto
twitteraddr may be the best pic of thistopc	positive	naruto
"""twitteraddr it's a disgrace that the game came out in japan on numbrth march smh,thistopc games come out within a week worldwide"""	positive	naruto
twitteraddr maybe gaiden characters? numbrth hokage thistopc would be suuuuper lit. and boruto comes out tmrw so maybe thats it	positive	naruto
twitteraddr to you i guess .... thistopc has the numbrth hokage jutsu and even furthered it rather then perfected.	positive	naruto
"""twitteraddr oh, i remember that one. pretty good. the one that's your numbrnd favorite is my fav from the original thistopc."""	positive	naruto
twitteraddr noooo like he sang that song! the numbrst op of thistopc!	positive	naruto
"""twitteraddr nah bruh,sasuke is my numbrth favorite character,it seems i hate him when i compare him to thistopc,cause i love thistopc way more lmao"""	positive	naruto
twitteraddr thistopc is the sun its alright	positive	naruto
"""twitteraddr i picked thistopc, i'm gonna go see it tomorrow lol"""	positive	naruto
twitteraddr thistopc better bruh dbz cool and all but i'm a thistopc guy at heart lol boruto the movie come out in november thistopcs son	positive	naruto
"""twitteraddr omg thistopc! im hoping fma, has to be. oh myyyyyy im so excited! mine's been in aus since the wednesday, hope i get it today!"""	positive	naruto
"""twitteraddr ikr, gonna be me tomorrow night """"hi costco, thistopc ready for work, believe it!"""""""	positive	naruto
"""twitteraddr caz of,i'm going to go thistopc exhibition in osaka,sep.i'll buy gifts for you there.it's sold on new goods osaka limited!"""	positive	naruto
twitteraddr i didn't watch it like i'm watching thistopc but have i sat &amp; watched some episodes? yes	positive	naruto
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr i hope that they attract the right audience and some that may not have seen dbz or thistopc before.	positive	naruto
twitteraddr dont omfg well. i only came back because thistopc hooks up with hinata and the numbrnd gen is cute.	positive	naruto
twitteraddr twitteraddr yeh the new episode just got released... sasuke has the numbrth path eyes with sharingan and thistopc has master of senjutsu	positive	naruto
twitteraddr twitteraddr i may not be strong enough to defend myself in the real world but i can kick your ass in thistopc	positive	naruto
attention thistopc fans! boruto: thistopc the movie is hitting theaters in october. click below to get more info! httpaddr	positive	naruto
been following thistopc since i was in the numbrth grade. i remember rushing to the tv saturday night to watch it at numbr pm on toonami.	positive	naruto
"""been watching/reading thistopc since numbrth grade, just finished the entire thing last night, man smh"""	positive	naruto
"""bleach is strangely in the top numbr for most faved anime above both thistopc series by a fair bit, but the manga is numbrrd, numbrk behind thistopc at topc"	positive	naruto
"""bloody hell, ok so in numbr days thats mad max, big hero numbr and thistopc: the last. now about to watch the lego movie, think i may od on good films"""	positive	naruto
boruto: thistopc the movie just wait brooo. im coming to you in november. hall pasti dipenuhi dgn org dh besar hahaha	positive	naruto
boruto: thistopc the movie's september numbr philippine premiere revealed!  film will open exclusively in sm cinemas.... httpaddr	positive	naruto
boruto: thistopc the movie is out in japan and i have to wait till october to watch it ): httpaddr	positive	naruto
can it be the numbrth already ? i really want my thistopc case already	positive	naruto
can't believe thistopc is still running.. i remember watching it when i was in the numbrth grade	positive	naruto
catch me watching the new thistopc in class tomorrow	positive	naruto
catch up with thistopc and watched a few movies today! friday well spent!	positive	naruto
"""daaaaang it, i have to sleep. more thistopc tomorrow."""	positive	naruto
"""dang it i still need to make a folder of all my favorite pics of thistopc, yibo, and bambam... i'll do it tomorrow while finishing jail."""	positive	naruto
decided to watch rick and morty will probably watch thistopc tomorrow such a good movie hits ya right in the feels	positive	naruto
"""didn't want to wait until october numbr for boruto: thistopc the movie, so i flew to osaka, japan to watch it! httpaddr"	positive	naruto
doctor who is like the numbrnd series - next to thistopc - to hit me in the feels so hard. omg.	positive	naruto
"""don't think there will be a new episode of thistopc tomorrow. welp, i'll just have to wait till friday to watch tv."""	positive	naruto
"""downloading thistopc: the last, i'll rewatch it tomorrow before class ^////^"""	positive	naruto
"""even tho i finished the manga, anytime i watch thistopc that shit gets me emotional. i've been read/watching since numbrth grade fam"""	positive	naruto
everybody is finally starting to watch thistopc where the fuck you guys been. i have been watching it every thursday since numbrth grade. topc	positive	naruto
excited to see that boruto: thistopc the movie is coming out in malaysia on the numbrth of november!	positive	naruto
finally done with my numbrth period hw time to watch thistopc !!!	positive	naruto
"""freaked out this morning cause i thought it was friday. eomma asked me if i missed something. thistopc, mum. i thought i missed this weeks ep."""	positive	naruto
getting emotional about thistopc at numbr:numbr am on a monday	positive	naruto
gotta get up hecka early tomorrow but i'm just gonna stay up and watch thistopc	positive	naruto
"""guise! let's hang out tomorrow! i'll be going as choji. if you're cosplaying a thistopc character, let's take pics!... httpaddr"	positive	naruto
"""hella forgot, it's thursday therefore there's a new episode of thistopc on hulu therefore it's lit"""	positive	naruto
hey twitteraddr we will be showing boruto: thistopc the movie october numbrth at numbrpm &amp; numbrth at numbrpm! tickets are available now!	positive	naruto
i don't know a lot of birthdays but one i have memorized is thistopc uzumaki's. october numbrth. i told my roomie and she just started laughing	positive	naruto
i have been watching thistopc for days. help me. save me from the numbrth great ninja war.	positive	naruto
i just realized i've been watching thistopc since i was in the numbrth grade and i'm about to start my numbrrd year of college...	positive	naruto
i just want thursday to come for thistopc	positive	naruto
i just want it to be tomorrow.. but till then all the ramen and thistopc! topc	positive	naruto
i may be forever confused by how the world works in it but i do so love the fights in the thistopc series.	positive	naruto
i still watch the new episode of thistopc every thursday topc	positive	naruto
i want to rewatch thistopc subbed i may soon	positive	naruto
i was all about thistopc and anime in middle school early high school lol. if it's still good i may get back into it httpaddr	positive	naruto
i'll just watch the numbrnd last eps. of thistopc before i watch this new one	positive	naruto
i'm just going to thistopc and chill tomorrow.	positive	naruto
"""if you're collecting your gcse results tomorrow and tou watch anime, there's a new episode of thistopc out tomorrow x"""	positive	naruto
im really nervous as i have gotten to the numbrth ninja war in thistopc (the manga) although i know what happens from watching the anime	positive	naruto
"""it may (or probably will not) come as a surprise, but iruka is and has been my favorite character in thistopc since the very beginning."""	positive	naruto
it's thursday so a new thistopc comes on today!...but it's only a filler	positive	naruto
it's going to be twitteraddr first time watching thistopc as a weekly-episode-watcher tomorrow. join the club!	positive	naruto
josh and i got his dad addicted to thistopc. we showed it to him friday night and he's on already on episode numbr	positive	naruto
"""just bought my """"boruto - thistopc the movie"""" ticket for october numbr! httpaddr"	positive	naruto
"""katie: """"let's watch friday night lights."""" mom: """"let's watch the new nicholas sparks movie."""" me: """"well i wanna watch thistopc..."""" """"gtfo ethan."""""""	positive	naruto
"""long time no see,i've been watching thistopc not to spoil anything but it's so cnumbrl and i can't wait for the latest episode which is tomorrow."""	positive	naruto
looking forward to thursday bc that new episode of thistopc is going to have me on my ass	positive	naruto
marijuana on a thursday with a new episode of thistopc httpaddr	positive	naruto
"""my friday night is going to be me eating a lot of food, watching thistopc and maybe some air guitar."""	positive	naruto
"""my man uzumaki khan takes thursday's off work just to watch thistopc, love that guy man"""	positive	naruto
my shift was cancelled for tomorrow. time watch thistopc and cowboy bebop all day. topc	positive	naruto
"""my top numbr are probably: granny chiyo &amp; sakura vs sasori, guy vs kissame (the numbrnd time) and thistopc vs pain."""	positive	naruto
"""thistopc is like crack. i keep saying saying one more episode, until """"oh look, the sun."""" topc"	positive	naruto
thistopc may really be the child of god. straight up healing the blind just like jesus did .  topc	positive	naruto
"""thistopc volume numbr from twitteraddr  ranks at topc marking its numbrth week on the new york times manga bestsellers"""	positive	naruto
"""no matter how painful it may be, doing your best will open a path (thistopc)"""	positive	naruto
ok tomorrow i gotta watch the rest of i remember you and thistopc the last i cant wait oh my god the weaboo side is showing its self	positive	naruto
omg!!!!!!!!! boy this fight would have been so emotional and epic thistopc vs jiraiya in the numbrrd great ninja war httpaddr	positive	naruto
oh hell yeah i'm watching thistopc all day tomorrow this shit was interesting	positive	naruto
ok so i am super excited about my thistopc cards coming tomorrow!	positive	naruto
omg just read thistopc special comic where thistopc declared as the numbrth hokage. topc	positive	naruto
"""on the bright side, a liveeee episode of thistopc comes out tomorrow"""	positive	naruto
persona numbr arena may be the thistopc ultimate ninja of arc system works fighting games but i still like it and need numbr pick up ultimax	positive	naruto
plenty of niggas out here that would catch a body on friday and then stay in to watch the new episode of thistopc on saturday lol	positive	naruto
plus the new thistopc game comes out in february and i'm so unbelievably excited for that	positive	naruto
"""reading """"thistopc"""" for the numbrth time."""	positive	naruto
sos where do i find the numbrth season of thistopc online?	positive	naruto
saying something dbz related that may seem extraordinary fucks niggas up like it does thistopc. no i love that series man	positive	naruto
so thistopc comes in the war this next episode then i think. gonna have to watch this tomorrow doe.	positive	naruto
someone go by every single season of thistopc for me i'll love you forever  httpaddr	positive	naruto
"""there's this scene in the numbrnd season of thistopc where sasuke says """"what's up """"and i laugh so hard every time"""	positive	naruto
"""these ratings speak more to thistopc than one piece. not bad though, better than it usually did at numbr, somehow. httpaddr"	positive	naruto
this thistopc opening came out while i was in numbrth grade and i went to the restroom just to watch it in awful quality: httpaddr	positive	naruto
thursday's just aren't the same without thistopc	positive	naruto
time to binge on thistopc until the sun leaks through the blinds	positive	naruto
tomorrow is the last episode of thistopc shippuden until months of filler start raining down on us :'(	positive	naruto
tomorrow is the new thistopc episode can't fucking wait lol shit got real	positive	naruto
watching thistopc shippuden at work cause it's friday and i don't care.	positive	naruto
"""we were talking about thistopc,(me and my mom: she became a huge fan within past year) and i find it funny she called numbrst hokage handsome x)"""	positive	naruto
whatever. some dude forcing his opinions on people ain't worth my time. but aye yall who's ready for the new thistopc episode tomorrow!	positive	naruto
who wants to see the thistopc movie with me in october	positive	naruto
wish i am now in japan to feel the thistopc mood and watch topc . malaysia november baru nak keluaq	positive	naruto
"""wow august,numbr.numbr has already begun today """"thistopc : boruto the movie"""" from japan to the entire world :) (y)"""	positive	naruto
yea sasuke tho ever since thistopc became hokage &amp; stopped going on missions has become the strongest ninja alive leaving thistopc in numbrnd place	positive	naruto
years ago when i saw the numbrst episodes of thistopc it was clear to me that the main character would get together with the girl he loves. - pe	positive	naruto
"""another numbr hour work day done. time to relax watch new episode of thistopc, then get ready for first friday at barcode."""	positive	naruto
boruto thistopc the movie comes out november i need to catch up real quick	positive	naruto
can it be thursday already i'm trying to watch the new thistopc episode	positive	naruto
can it be thursday yet? i wanna watch thistopc	positive	naruto
did i ever tell you htat i had a really well thought out thistopc oc when i was in like numbrth/numbrth grade with a back story and everything	positive	naruto
epic fight scene! boruto: thistopc the movie! may gosh! sasuke and thistopc together ahihihihi &lt;numbr i need the full movie please please leak! haha	positive	naruto
"""i haven't watched thistopc since i was like numbr, but tomorrow is the day i start watching it again."""	positive	naruto
i may even live tweet parts of it  just remember that i literally know pretty much nothing about thistopc at all  except  ninjas	positive	naruto
i remember getting super excited to watch thistopc on cartoon network when i was like in the numbrth grade	positive	naruto
i've never watched thistopc but i love the numbrth opening it's my favorite	positive	naruto
im siltitng in my room the sun is rising outside my windwo and im laughign at my fucking thistopc joke	positive	naruto
my manga phase started in numbrrd grade with thistopc and honestly i don't think it's ended httpaddr	positive	naruto
omg apparently the song from the mobile contingent march in is from thistopc.....	positive	naruto
the numbrth great ninja war in thistopc is numbr hours long. later guys	positive	naruto
the new thistopc game comes out in february so i already know what i'm getting my bf for valentine's day   lol	positive	naruto
the only reason why i wanna have tomorrow is because thistopc and sasuke is gonna beat the shit out of madara in the next episode tomorrow ;d	positive	naruto
time to watch thistopc til the sun rises	positive	naruto
tomorrow is my day off. i'm going to be chillin in my underwear watching thistopc all day	positive	naruto
"""what did you do on saturday? i sawed metal for numbr hours, then watched thistopc, and was in bed by numbr:numbr :' )"""	positive	naruto
"""when i was numbr, the only thing looked forward to was saturday nights so i could watch thistopc on toonami"""	positive	naruto
when the numbrst season of thistopc was airing the moment i stepped inside my classroom my friend and me would scream about it for like numbr hours	positive	naruto
working on my brand + watching thistopc = the perfect saturday	positive	naruto
in other news why the hell is tomorrow thistopc....i don't even like hot dogs like that	negative	national hot dog day
national ice cream day on sunday and now it's thistopc? is the calendar trying to kill me???	negative	national hot dog day
why do i feel like thistopc is the april fools of food holidays? topc	negative	national hot dog day
"""topc numbr july: (only) in the usa, thistopc."""	positive	national hot dog day
"""topc numbr bad dogs: the hot dog goes global - thistopc is thursday, july numbr. now you know. time to teach... httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
topc sonic drive in {$numbr hot dogs}: apparently july numbrrd is thistopc. if you are a fan ... httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
topc where are you celebrating thistopc thursday? twitteraddr at twitteraddr	positive	national hot dog day
.twitteraddr is joining us for thistopc on the numbrrd. hawt dawg! httpaddr httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
"""twitteraddr hey, you didn't miss it! today, july numbrrd, is thistopc! ;) topc xoxo kit n luck"""	positive	national hot dog day
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr are you guys aware that tomorrow is thistopc?  the irony of it all!	positive	national hot dog day
twitteraddr  tomorrow is thistopc! *skips away singing* it's the moooost wonderful tiiiime of the yeeeeaaaar	positive	national hot dog day
"""twitteraddr thistopc is tomorrow, according to that calendar you found. httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
twitteraddr ... and the numbrrd is thistopc ;-)	positive	national hot dog day
"""twitteraddr hey you two, tomorrow is thistopc"""	positive	national hot dog day
"""twitteraddr are you doing anything special for thistopc, july numbr??"""	positive	national hot dog day
twitteraddr as long as tomorrow is thistopc and saturday is national bbq day	positive	national hot dog day
twitteraddr thursday is thistopc!	positive	national hot dog day
twitteraddr just a heads up tomorrow july numbrrd is thistopc!	positive	national hot dog day
"""twitteraddr  are you a hot dog fan, dustin?  tomorrow is thistopc...  topc"	positive	national hot dog day
twitteraddr i think you guys are a little excited. thistopc is july numbrrd.	positive	national hot dog day
twitteraddr not misinformation.. whoever planned thistopc should just know that the numbrth of july is actual nhdd	positive	national hot dog day
twitteraddr tomorrow is thistopc! numbr/numbr they're giving you numbr/numbr off the entire hot dog menu! plus new waffle dog on-a-stick!	positive	national hot dog day
"""a great crowd of nearly numbr,numbr enjoyed thistopc and throwdown thursday tonight! that's a lot of hot dogs! httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
also tomorrow: mayor tory to celebrate thistopc. i'm told he will not be pulling a kobayashi + doing any hotdog eating contests	positive	national hot dog day
"""also. thistopc is thursday. but i really, really like tacos and margaritas. topc topc"	positive	national hot dog day
apparently it's thistopc today! may have to get some for dinner.	positive	national hot dog day
are you ready for thistopc tomorrow? go out and grill some delicious hot dogs!	positive	national hot dog day
at what point do we stop talking about topc and start discussing how tomorrow is thistopc? httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
"""august numbr is thistopc - don't worry about what's in them, just enjoy!"""	positive	national hot dog day
bars &amp; pubs - thistopc: wed numbr sep it's thistopc and the soda factory is going all out... httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
cheap hot dogs today! thursday is thistopc httpaddr add twitteraddr to the list as well! httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
"""celebrate thistopc: thursday is thistopc, with some businesses offering deals in hampt... httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
come celebrate thistopc tomorrow with us at topc and get a $numbr.numbr off any of our hot dogs all... httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
come in and celebrate thistopc thursday july numbrrd. numbr cents each. limit numbr. line forms to the right. # hot dog.	positive	national hot dog day
did not know about thistopc.  enjoy one with a craft brew at sun up brewing co. httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
did you know the numbrrd is thistopc? we're giving away free hot dogs to all our fans at the game! httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
did you know today is thistopc? httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
"""did you miss our bogo deal on thistopc?  have no fear, we are doing it again!!!  on friday, july numbrst... httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
do you know what tomorrow is??? it's thistopc!! what jci dog are you coming to enjoy with us tomorrow?? httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
don't forgot! thistopc this thursday! we will be cooking out hot dogs by the pool at numbr:numbrpm httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
double up on dogs - july is national hot dog month &amp; today is thistopc! how do you top off your dog? httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
feeling frisky? thursday is thistopc. we have a dog to fit whatever mood you're in.    put your... httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
for some reason i always thought thistopc was on the numbrth of july. topc	positive	national hot dog day
"""get your dog on!!......this thursday numbr/numbr is thistopc, celebrate with us for only $numbr- chile cheese... httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
"""good morning topc world - wishing you a great thursday! did you know that today, july numbrrd is thistopc?"""	positive	national hot dog day
good morning neighbors... tomorrow  is thistopc.  here are some fun facts about hot dogs.  it is an... httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
gotta have a callahan's hot dog thursday for thistopc with all the trimmings fries or onion rings and root beer.	positive	national hot dog day
"""greenville avenue pizza company -gapco is taking it old school for thistopc! on wed, july numbr (numbr am -... httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
happy friday! just because thistopc is over doesn't mean you cant still have hot dog recipe fun with... httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
happy thursday and happy thistopc everyone!! what a better way to celebrate thistopc then... httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
heading to a barbecue this weekend? july numbr is thistopc! try making your own hot dog buns with our... httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
"""here's where to get a free hot dog tomorrow, on thistopc httpaddr via twitteraddr"	positive	national hot dog day
holy shit thistopc is thursday. if you know me well enough you'll know how important this is to me rn	positive	national hot dog day
"""hy-vee shoppers! we have a great deal coming on thursday for you! thursday, july numbrrd is thistopc. so... httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
i hoped everyone celebrated thistopc on thursday. it seemed everywhere i looked peeps were selling chili dogs. xd	positive	national hot dog day
in honor of thistopc on july numbr. i advise you to forget this article before you eat your half-dozen. httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
it may be gloomy today but that doesn't stop thistopc to be placed on hold! stop by the leasing office to enjoy some franks!	positive	national hot dog day
it's july numbrrd--thistopc! celebrate with a hotdog--plain or garnished! topc httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
"""it's thistopc! celebrate with photos of celebs eating hot dogs!: happy july numbr, aka thistopc! no doubt you've..."""	positive	national hot dog day
"""join the suns top dog, southpaw, for thistopc tomorrow at twitteraddr from numbr am - noon. learn more i httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
join us this thursday @ fancy frank's for thistopc topc in support of the topc care... httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
join us tomorrow for thistopc at seasons! during the lunch &amp; dinner hours. httpaddr httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
july numbr is thistopc! bogo single italian hot dog when you mention this post! numbr/numbr/numbr at kenilworth  only. httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
july numbr is thistopc! we'll be hosting a hot dog eating contest. contact craguetwitteraddr if you're interested in participating	positive	national hot dog day
"""july numbr is thistopc, a celebration of the humble wiener. we are proud to celebrate them on this occasion! httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
july numbr is thistopc. here is where you can get a free hot dog today: httpaddr httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
july numbr was thistopc.  i'm all for celebrating but is this taking it too far? httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
july numbrrd is thistopc! come celebrate with us! blake brock will be on the deck at numbrpm! httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
july numbrrd is thistopc! hot dogs will be .numbr cents all day! come enjoy a great hot dog! topc httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
"""july numbrrd is thistopc, celebrate this day by biting into a delicious hotdog! topc httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
"""july numbrrd is thistopc, celebrate this day by biting into a delicious hotdog! topc topc httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
"""july numbrrd is thistopc. preparation and condiment styles vary regionally across the u.s., with mustard being the no.numbr choice."""	positive	national hot dog day
"""july numbrrd is thistopc - a day to celebrate one of america's favorite foods, so fire up the grill and... httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
july numbr is the true thistopc but that won't stop me from celebrating today.	positive	national hot dog day
look it's thistopc! yay! some restaurants are giving great deals on hot dgs on july numbrrd! httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
making the rounds: teddy atlas previews saturday's topc card &amp; shares how he celebrated thistopc httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
marty's dogs of miami: marty's dogs no. numbr-in praise of the all-american... httpaddr tomorrow: thistopc. eat up!	positive	national hot dog day
may we remind folks thistopc is coming up on july numbrrd - blowout specials that day! topc topc httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
most important news of the day thistopc is tomorrow. yesssssss	positive	national hot dog day
thistopc is this thursday! bleachers taproom is giving you two hot dogs and a pint for $numbr from numbr-numbrpm! dogs and baseball!	positive	national hot dog day
"""nyc baseball fans upgrade hot dogs to avodogs: in celebration of thistopc on july numbr, the peruvian... httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
thistopc &amp; twitteraddr has numbr for $numbr all day!! numbrth ave numbr-numbr-numbr  kenova numbr-numbr-numbr topc	positive	national hot dog day
"""thistopc thursday: kangaroo express will offer free hot dog to customers with a military id from numbr-numbrp, $.numbr for everyon else."""	positive	national hot dog day
thistopc today (thursday)  what do you like on yours? httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
"""thistopc is july numbr, come join us for the all american celebration."""	positive	national hot dog day
thistopc is coming up on july numbrrd! be one of the first numbr customers on thursday july numbrrd and get a... httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
"""thistopc is tomorrow!  sonic is doing """"dollar"""" hot dogs....the numbr inch size.....all day tomorrow.  i... httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
"""thistopc is tomorrow, july numbrrd! will you take care of business like this little tyke? love this kid!!! httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
thistopc on throwback thursday? all the stars have aligned. twitteraddr topc topc topc httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
thistopc on thursday?  come at me you muthas!	positive	national hot dog day
thistopc with the morning team starts at numbram. tomorrow is national tequila day...but not at numbram at work. httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
thistopc huh? i may have to hit up sonic for these $numbr hot dogs	positive	national hot dog day
thistopc is tomorrow! celebrate w twitteraddr twitteraddr - httpaddr topc topc topc httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
thistopc means free wieners on thursday - the news journal - the news journal httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
thistopc is july numbrrd! make sure you make plans to get some dogs! we will have them ready for you! :-)	positive	national hot dog day
"""thistopc is tomorrow, my dream had meaning behind it"""	positive	national hot dog day
thistopc is tomorrow. now is your chance to grab a weiner for only $numbr. and we all know  everyone loves cheap weiners.	positive	national hot dog day
"""thistopc, national tequila day, then national dance day... sounds like a friday night."""	positive	national hot dog day
"""now today is thistopc, and you can also celebrate that here! can we declare tomorrow movie theatre day? httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
"""one more day...tomorrow , july numbrrd, is thistopc!! $numbr hot dogs all day!!!! (slaw &amp; cheese extra) come and get 'em!"""	positive	national hot dog day
"""reminder: thistopc - this thursday, july numbr from numbr-numbrpm on the village green. grilled dogs with all the... httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
saturday is thistopc.  celebrate accordingly with ketchup &amp; relish.	positive	national hot dog day
"""section: """"not a single day without an event""""  july numbr  holidays  children's day (indonesia)  thistopc... httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
should probably get to bed early. big day tomorrow. thistopc.	positive	national hot dog day
"""since tomorrow is thistopc, i wanted to share with you guys that frank meats patty will be having $numbr... httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
"""so i find out that today, july numbrrd is thistopc and i've almost wasted the whole day with my ignorance. smh"""	positive	national hot dog day
"""so not only is it thistopc on thursday, its also national tequila day on friday!!!! fancy that..... httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
"""sonic drive-in - thistopc - today, july numbrrd - all-american or chili cheese hot dog for $numbr all day httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
sonic is celebrating thistopc on wednesday with discounted dogs httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
"""sunday: national ice cream day tuesday: national junk food day thursday: thistopc if the hashtags don't kill us, the food will"""	positive	national hot dog day
"""t.g.i.f.: thistopc is saturday, july numbrth.  where to find the best hot dog in orlando?  stop by hot... httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
tasty tuesday: numbr hot dogs around the world for thistopc httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
"""the national hot dog and sausage council has designated july as hot dog month. in conjunction with that, july numbrrd is thistopc."""	positive	national hot dog day
"""thursday july numbrrd is thistopc!   what a better way than having one """"all the way?"""" httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
thursday is thistopc! our excitement is beyond words!!! come celebrate with us tomorrow!	positive	national hot dog day
"""thursday is thistopc, and just like every year we are celebrating with our own truly american combo... httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
thursday is thistopc! je will be serving hot dogs to our staff &amp; raising $ for united way of manatee! how are you celebrating?	positive	national hot dog day
thursday is thistopc! send me an email and let me know:  where's the best place to get a hotdog?  send to:  jcartertwitteraddr	positive	national hot dog day
thursday is thistopc! what would you like on yours?    give us your ideas!	positive	national hot dog day
thursday is my favorite holiday of the year... thistopc!!!!!!!	positive	national hot dog day
"""thursday, july numbr is thistopc, monica lewinsky's birthday, and my wedding anniversary. so, that seems about right."""	positive	national hot dog day
"""today is thistopc. i feel that since it is also two-slice thursday, twitteraddr should've had a chili cheese hot dog pizza."""	positive	national hot dog day
"""today is thistopc. thursday is already on that fufu lame shit, i ain't wit it."""	positive	national hot dog day
"""today is thistopc but to me it's so much more.  it's a combo of hanukkah, christmas, my birthday (sept. numbr), and even numbrth of july"""	positive	national hot dog day
today is not only thursday ... but it's thistopc!	positive	national hot dog day
"""today, thursday, is thistopc and vanilla ice cream day!  which would you rather go with?  who wants... httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
"""tomorrow is national dog day, not to be confused with thistopc. though if you live in the south (lots of heat), it is the same."""	positive	national hot dog day
tomorrow is thistopc and twitteraddr will have $numbr big bites!  get you a wiener!  topc topc topc topc	positive	national hot dog day
"""tomorrow is thistopc! at numbr pm tomorrow, meet us in the numbrst floor lobby for a delicious lunch treat! httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
tomorrow is thistopc! get out on the town and treat yourself to a few of houston's best dogs--httpaddr topc	positive	national hot dog day
"""tomorrow is thistopc! hot diggity dog! all day tomorrow, it's buy one hot dog get one free!  we... httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
tomorrow is thistopc! pay your respects with a mexican dog from el perron hot dogs! httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
tomorrow is thistopc! stop by the leasing office tomorrow between numbr:numbr-numbr:numbrpm to enjoy some delicious hot dogs.	positive	national hot dog day
tomorrow is thistopc. if you are in brighton drop by twitteraddr	positive	national hot dog day
tomorrow is thistopc in the states. pretty jazzed about that! perfect blend of sausage and coney sauce topc	positive	national hot dog day
tomorrow is thistopc! be sure to vote for sahlens for twitteraddr customer choice awards: httpaddr httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
"""tomorrow is my day! thistopc! here's where to get a free hot dog, httpaddr via twitteraddr"	positive	national hot dog day
tomorrow is one of our favorite days of the year: thistopc! stop in for our yearly $numbr.numbr hot dog to... httpaddr	positive	national hot dog day
tomorrow's thistopc and friday is national tequila day so the real question is will me and natalie make it to saturday?	positive	national hot dog day
"""tomorrow's thistopc. except in along the mexico-texas border, where they're getting a free giant wiener today."""	positive	national hot dog day
tomorrow's thistopc apparently. i'm excited.	positive	national hot dog day
"""tomorrow's thistopc, twitteraddr does twitteraddr count as a hot dog, twitteraddr if so, let's go! httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
"""tory is meeding with federal ndp members tomorrow morning, followed by: thistopc celebrations."""	positive	national hot dog day
"""two american staples celebrated in one day!  today, july numbrrd, we celebrate thistopc as well as... httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
"""we like to have some fun at our community. come to the pool on july numbrrd, numbr-numbrpm, to celebrate thistopc! httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
"""who wants a free $numbr gift certificate? come in tomorrow numbr/numbr for thistopc, and for every $numbr you spend... httpaddr"	positive	national hot dog day
who's going to be numbrst in line tomorrow for free hot dogs to celebrate thistopc??  first numbr people get free fenway dogs.	positive	national hot dog day
why is thistopc so close to numbrth of july? isn't it the same holiday? i have eaten so many hot dogs already...	positive	national hot dog day
"""if i don't get a free hot dog tomorrow on thistopc, somebody's gonna pay, and somebody will gonna get hurt."""	positive	national hot dog day
so excited to go back to work tomorrow on thistopc	positive	national hot dog day
"""tomorrow is my otra date and thistopc, can't decide which i'm more excited for"""	positive	national hot dog day
"""topc - who doesn't love it when the ice cream truck comes to visit?  thistopc is sunday, july numbrth! httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
""":d today is sundae, july numbr and it's thistopc! :d from classic vanilla to avocado (yes, it exists),... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""twitteraddr this is absolutely ridiculous. wasn't it just """"thistopc"""" on sunday? who makes up these days? this isn't official. this is"""	positive	national ice cream day
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr happy sunday &amp; thistopc! who's going out for a cone today?	positive	national ice cream day
"""twitteraddr logically, one would extend dog day until tomorrow so that it coincides with thistopc."""	positive	national ice cream day
twitteraddr  sunday is going to be a good day for you. it's thistopc!	positive	national ice cream day
"""twitteraddr we do too! and tomorrow it thistopc, so you are ahead of the game!"""	positive	national ice cream day
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr i only celebrate holidays during the work week. also, i need tomorrow off for thistopc."""	positive	national ice cream day
"""twitteraddr debi, will you be taking all three of your kids (including hubby) out for ice cream on thistopc on sunday?? ;-)"""	positive	national ice cream day
"""and if it being sunday weren't enough to make you happy, hip hip hooray for thistopc. follow us all... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
anyone else just realize it's thistopc and wanna join me in starting our diets tomorrow?	positive	national ice cream day
apparently it's thistopc on sunday. you better believe that's all i'm going to eat all day long.	positive	national ice cream day
"""apparently, it's thistopc. i didn't get the memo. sorry. i'll get us some tomorrow."""	positive	national ice cream day
beat the heat by taking advantage of thistopc &amp; don't forget that topc goes until july numbrst. httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
"""carvel ice cream is celebrating thistopc, sunday, july numbr, with buy one, get one soft serve ones.... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
celebrating thistopc with my fellow interns on this beautiful sunday topc twitteraddr	positive	national ice cream day
currently celebrating the numbrth anniversary of clueless and thistopc. be still my heart!	positive	national ice cream day
delivery has just arrived for sunday's thistopc. staff are getting excited here for their sundae's!... httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
"""did you know - this sunday is thistopc! to celebrate, i'll be tucking in to my favourite ice cream,... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
did you know sunday is thistopc? what's your favorite flavor? httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
did you know that sunday is thistopc? make sure to grab a scoop to celebrate! topc httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
"""did you know this sunday is thistopc? at abco, this is a fun way for our team to enjoy the end of... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
did you know today (july numbr) is thistopc? :d what's your fave flavor? httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
"""don't have plans for thistopc this sunday? well, now you do! come celebrate by getting a dole whip... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""don't let sensitive teeth keep you from enjoying thistopc - sunday, july numbr! learn more here.. httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""don't worry if you missed thistopc, its ice cream day at our hotel every sunday w/ our sweet summer... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""enjoy a sundae on this sunday, it's thistopc! make your own all-natural w/ fresh fruits! topc httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""enjoy the summer, celebrate thistopc this sunday! visit honey cup in the channel islands harbor,... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""enjoy, in case you missed thistopc this past sunday... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
fyi philly's top spots to celebrate thistopc: july numbrth is thistopc and the philad... httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
friends be ready to celebrate thistopc tomorrow with graeters! httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
get the scoop: july numbr is thistopc httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
get the scoop: july numbr is thistopc | wate numbr on your side - httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
good sunday morning...and welcome to thistopc!  warren says there is a lot to talk about between numbr &amp; numbr. httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
good morning! it's monday........again....:-)...happy day after thistopc...:-) httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
good to know i'll be sharing my birthday with thistopc tomorrow	positive	national ice cream day
happy (almost) thistopc! we're running a topc -may the best flavor win httpaddr httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
happy mini monday! it's thistopc and we have all of the goodies you need to celebrate! we've got... httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
happy monday! did you know that today is thistopc?! this monday isn't going to be so tough after all... httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
happy thistopc!! my kind of day!!! happy sunday!! httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
here's a list of every place you can get free ice cream for thistopc this sunday! httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
here's an easy way to make ice cream sandwiches for thistopc this sunday!... (vine by twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
here's the scoop on how to get free ice cream on sunday for thistopc. httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
here's the scoop: sunday is thistopc httpaddr via twitteraddr i love the free ice cream for dogs!	positive	national ice cream day
here's the scoop: sunday is thistopc httpaddr topc topc topc	positive	national ice cream day
here's to the close of another weekend and fun on thistopc! ready for monday? httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
"""hey, did you know thistopc is sunday, july numbrth? make sure you take a moment to enjoy a scoop of your favorite flavor! topc"	positive	national ice cream day
"""hey, freeloaders? it's thistopc. chow down and worry about your hips tomorrow, monday. or the numbrst... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""how about some good news for saturday morning: ice cream freebies, campbell! happy thistopc! httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""how ironic is it that on sundae, july numbrth, which apparently is thistopc, i ordered two blizzards at dq instead of one?"""	positive	national ice cream day
i just learned that july numbr is thistopc. must celebrate! frosty paws for all! (that's as close as i'm getting to ice cream)	positive	national ice cream day
"""i scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream!!  thistopc is sunday july numbrth!  all sitel... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""in case you need any ideas for thistopc on monday, we're just gonna put this picture riiiiiiight here. httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
it's friday and thistopc and food truck friday twitteraddr so make sure you enjoy! topc	positive	national ice cream day
"""it's thistopc on sunday, july numbr. get the ice cream scoop.  httpaddr topc"	positive	national ice cream day
it's thistopc see you tomorrow instagram.	positive	national ice cream day
"""it's thistopc. or as we diabetics call it, thursday. httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
it's thistopc? i may have to do something about that...	positive	national ice cream day
it's sweet tooth sunday! thistopc is july numbrth! top your favorite dessert with a scoop! topc httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
january's baby miss heart of the usa calendar queen enjoying ice cream on thistopc over the weekend! httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
"""july numbrth is thistopc when you get the urge for a snack on a hot, humid summer night, what's (cont) httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
july numbrth is thistopc in the us.  can you answer the following topc ice cream trivia? -- borrowed... httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
july numbrth is thistopc therefore there is no judgement on the amount of ice cream i consume within the next numbr hours	positive	national ice cream day
"""july numbrth is thistopc! we want to know what your favorite ice cream place in chester county is, post below!"""	positive	national ice cream day
"""july numbrth is thistopc, are you going to celebrate with your favorite flavor? topc topc httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""july numbrth is thistopc, are you going to celebrate with your favorite flavor?... httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""july numbrth is thistopc, one of my favorite days of the year! cold ice cream on a hot summer day is a... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""july numbrth is thistopc. ice cream typically contains vitamins a, which is very important for the... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
july numbrth is thistopc. it is a good day to cool down with a tasty treat.	positive	national ice cream day
july numbrth... best. day. ever. happy thistopc! can you spot the five different things in these images? httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
just little old me in the paper today! here's the scoop: sunday is thistopc httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	national ice cream day
let's celebrate the days leading up to thistopc on july numbr by eating ice cream. then let's have a... httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
make sure you eat plenty of ice cream this sunday! it's thistopc! httpaddr httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
make your own sundae on sunday with us at pretend city! enjoy thistopc on us! httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
"""moms gone, it's thistopc, and school starts tomorrow.  this is dinner.  topc topc httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
thistopc arrives on july numbr with these shops giving out free ice cream httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
thistopc and jesus' resurrection on easter are very similar  both are on a sunday &amp; both are the center of religious calendars	positive	national ice cream day
"""thistopc arrives this sunday, july numbrth, and you can celebrate by diving mouth-first into free ice... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""thistopc is july numbr, and to 'top it off' we're offering numbr% off all our ice cream toppings! httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""thistopc is sunday - yes, there's a day for everything. start your weekend off with a healthy... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
thistopc is sunday but the fun numbr.numbr staff is celebrating today with delicious weis quality ice... httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
thistopc is sunday! celebrate with organic ice cream from three twins! only $numbr.numbr/pint! topc httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
thistopc is this sunday! see you at cold stone? topc httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
thistopc is on sunday. what better way to celebrate than to check out these ice cream treats you... httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
thistopc is this sunday!   we will have free random give-aways all day!  topc topc	positive	national ice cream day
thistopc is this sunday! how about we celebrate early with twitteraddr open today 'til numbr! httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
thistopc is this sunday. be prepared to stay healthy with this delicious numbr-ingredient recipe. httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
thistopc is tomorrow!  you'll want to check these out. are there michigan additions?... httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
thistopc will hit the country this sunday; several local topc spots plan on making it a topc one httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
thistopc without blue bell is like the numbrth of july without america topc	positive	national ice cream day
thistopc is sunday july numbrth! we are ready to celebrate it on thursday!!   we will be treating the... httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
"""on sunday, when it's hot &amp; also thistopc, we'll have homemade ice cream! try an ice cream sandwich,... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""psa: thistopc is tomorrow, july numbrth. i just thought everyone should know."""	positive	national ice cream day
"""sunday, june numbrth is thistopc!!!  (sorry for the short notice, but our a/c is now back up and... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
sarah from twitteraddr interviewed bradley for thistopc. catch the segment friday numbr:numbr chnumbr to see... httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
"""seriously though, you guys have thistopc? that's soooo coool httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""since sunday is thistopc, we wanted to give you the scoop on some of our favorite places near our resort destinations:..."""	positive	national ice cream day
"""since today is thistopc, does that mean that tomorrow is the observation of thistopc?"""	positive	national ice cream day
so is today thistopc or next sunday? i want some!      topc	positive	national ice cream day
"""so tomorrow is thistopc in america, but not exactly canada. see, this is why you americans are so fucking fat."""	positive	national ice cream day
sun. is thistopc! celebrate at twitteraddr with free sundae toppings from numbrnoon-numbrpm. httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
sunday (tomorrow) is thistopc and have we got a gift for you!   join us for an ice cream sundae and... httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
sunday numbr/numbr is thistopc and we're celebrating with  $numbr vanilla cones! come on by numbrth &amp; osuna sunday from numbr to numbr.	positive	national ice cream day
sunday july numbr is thistopc!  come celebrate with a free scoop of ice cream at altman's from numbr to numbrpm! httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
"""sunday on thistopc the twitteraddr hops got licked. today, anniversary of moon landing twitteraddr launched a walk off hr"""	positive	national ice cream day
sunday is thistopc - here are some awesome deals on ice cream for you to check out!  httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
sunday is thistopc!   we will have supercold science shows at numbr:numbr &amp; numbr:numbrpm with samples of liquid... httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
sunday is thistopc! get your favorite scoop this weekend &amp; enjoy the nice weather! topc topc topc	positive	national ice cream day
sunday is thistopc! take the capeflyer to get your ice cream fix! twitteraddr twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
"""sunday is thistopc, but we have the best creams minus the calories topc httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""sunday is thistopc, here's a sweet treat you can make at home httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
sunday is thistopc. but ... we think it's fine to celebrate early. httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
sunday is thistopc. how could you miss that? here's some food inspiration from twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
"""sunday is thistopc. to celebrate, the following retailers are offering some pretty sweet deals. httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""sunday's thistopc, but celebrate any day with our housemade sorbets! what do you want to try next? httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""sunday, july numbr is thistopc. let's all celebrate with   a delicious ice cream cone, a smoothie, or... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""sunday, july numbrth is thistopc! come to cold front and get a free mini cone with any purchase! topc httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""sunday, july numbrth is thistopc. come celebrate with us! get up to two free toppings with any... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""support local business! this sunday is thistopc, why not escape the heat and celebrate with our... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
this should brighten the day and make your weekend even better! free ice cream on sunday for thistopc! httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
tomorrow!!!! where to get free ice cream on thistopc - sunday july numbrth!!  comment if you know of... httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
taste of tremont + thistopc. this may be the best day of my entire life.	positive	national ice cream day
"""the library will be celebrating thistopc tomorrow, july numbrth! stop by between numbram- numbram and make... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
the third sunday in july means it's thistopc! enjoy the weather and your favorite scoop or two today! httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
this sunday is thistopc! celebrate it by making some delicious homemade... httpaddr httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
this sunday is thistopc! we will be offering free gelato on the patio all day! flavors include... httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
this sunday is thistopc. do you have a favorite ice cream book? httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
today is topc that may rank right up there with thistopc. let's celebrate!!	positive	national ice cream day
today is thistopc!!! give in to the excuse! lol.  httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
"""today is thistopc, healthy and refreshing!! come and enjoy this day with us!! have a great sunday! httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""today is thistopc, healthy and refreshing!! come and enjoy with us!! have a great sunday! topc topc httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
today is about to become our new favorite holiday. it's official: july numbrth is thistopc! we found... httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
tomorrow is thistopc so make sure to get the cream in your mouths	positive	national ice cream day
tomorrow is thistopc!  treat yourself with homemade ice cream twitteraddr topc httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
"""tomorrow is thistopc! have a scoop, it fits into many of these healthy family tips! httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
tomorrow is thistopc! here's every place you can get free ice cream: httpaddr httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
tomorrow is thistopc! how about celebrating with this delicious treat... httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
tomorrow is thistopc! how are you going to spend it? topc topc httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
tomorrow is thistopc! sunday july numbrth topc come on down for a free homemade waffle cone with every ice cream order!	positive	national ice cream day
tomorrow is thistopc. do what you will with this knowledge. i probs gonna eat some ice cream.	positive	national ice cream day
tomorrow is thistopc. do what you will with this knowledge. i'm probs gonna eat some ice cream.	positive	national ice cream day
tomorrow is thistopc. i will celebrate all day.	positive	national ice cream day
"""tomorrow is thistopc. just in case you can't make it to the dining hall to satisfy your craving, here are some stores......"""	positive	national ice cream day
tomorrow is thistopc... don't you wish you had this adorable banner to celebrate?? httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
tomorrow is going to be the best day to celebrate thistopc at murray's! httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
tomorrow is the big day!! happy thistopc! topc httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
"""tomorrow, july numbr, is thistopc! here are some of the specials you'll find around the country:  my... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
"""tomorrow, sunday july numbrth is thistopc!  after careful thought we decided to make a fresh peach... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
we are partnering up with lyft this sunday for thistopc. check out there facebook page for details. httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
what an awesome night to celebrate thistopc with numbrrd annual ice cream churn-off. congrats to all... httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
whoa! thistopc is in six days?! you may want to pay special attention here and on our facebook &amp; instagram accounts on sunday.	positive	national ice cream day
"""wondering exactly how crowded ghirardelli's is going to be today, being thistopc and all. over numbrth of july w/e it was a zoo."""	positive	national ice cream day
"""yum! thistopc is sunday, july numbrth. enjoy a treat from dairy queen in the food court or at nieve de... httpaddr"	positive	national ice cream day
yes it does feel like numbr in the sun. and it happens to be thistopc. httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
your pie greenville is celebrating thistopc this sunday by offering free gelato! make sure you stop... httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
your weekend just got a whole lot sweeter ~ today is thistopc. c'mon downtown topc for the best! httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
yum! this sunday is thistopc! our team started celebrating a few days early with tasty treats from... httpaddr	positive	national ice cream day
so it's day of the dog today+tomorrow's thistopc? who made mistake of not declaring both on same day plus free cones for dogs?	positive	national ice cream day
"""everyone is wearing black tomorrow it's gonna look like a funeral """"thistopc is dead pass it on"""""""	negative	niall
i need to go to sleep i have school tomorrow and i have to wake up at the crack of thistopc's white cracker ass	negative	niall
i'm so ready to annoy everyone at school tomorrow about thistopc fracturing his foot	negative	niall
"""may: """"why does rbb have a baby bottle?""""  me: """"obviously something to do with louis unless thistopc got a golf club pregnant."""""""	negative	niall
thistopc had sex gave you tickets thats not love love is when he protects u he takes u on dates he wouldnt put u in the numbrth row of the concert	negative	niall
thistopc has the worst luck numbrst this bitch got a prosthetic leg and now a fractured foot ://	negative	niall
thistopc's pants are always so tight he may just be that size :(	negative	niall
so apparently a girl hooked up with thistopc and he gave her numbrth row tickets smh what a cheap bitch where those front row tickets @	negative	niall
"""this fandom's a mess omg, i wouldn't be surprise if tomorrow there's a trend who says thistopc's going to marry his cousin topc"	negative	niall
when september numbr comes along i know i'll be forgotten..  just don't be surprised when thistopc gets assassinated	negative	niall
why are thistopc and camila even trending?? i bet directioners are just really bored!! go study!! you have school on monday!!	negative	niall
"""funny cause that asshole from the sun said """"thistopc confirmed the sun story"""" like fuck no he did not"""	negative	niall
if i sat beside thistopc i would be so annoyed bc he looks like he chews his gum annoyingly loud  httpaddr	negative	niall
"""remember when that woman was """"giving birth"""" during that prank and thistopc just fucking sat there"""	negative	niall
"""topc topc  liam , harry and thistopc will celebrate liam's numbrnd birthday at topgolf tonight!!"""	positive	niall
"""*sappy moment*  can't wait to see videos tomorrow from tonight's gig,and see thistopc the boys helping him jklasdfg k night topc"	positive	niall
"""+ peed in a fancy bathroom, sat in grnumbr seats, saw one direction, thistopc n harry loved it there, got a glow stick, a hot cop goofed off w me +"""	positive	niall
numbr:numbr hug the hell out of thistopc when i meet him on saturday (hopefully)	positive	niall
numbrd in chicago sunday was awesome! so sad about the numbr year break but they totally deserve it! thistopc owned the show! httpaddr	positive	niall
numbrth round;  send me a picture of your favorite artist!!  first to numbr points gets a dm with thistopc!!  topc	positive	niall
numbrth round:  when is thistopc's birthday?  first to get numbr points wins the dm with liam httpaddr	positive	niall
twitteraddr so lucky ! may you give me a dm with thistopc? he's my fav and it would really mean the world to me	positive	niall
twitteraddr i've only got thistopc now ... but if you want harry i'll get more tomorrow!!	positive	niall
twitteraddr their faces in the numbrnd one are super cute. and i love that liam is all collared shirt and thistopc busts out the shorts...	positive	niall
"""twitteraddr and then it's thistopc on september numbr, it's hard to forget!!!"""	positive	niall
"""twitteraddr  i think they may splitting up but you said like that so i'm relieved to hear! thank you, thistopc!"""	positive	niall
twitteraddr  hi thistopc  tomorrow is my numbrth  birthday mean the world to me if you wish me a happy birthday  thanks thistopc  i love you	positive	niall
twitteraddr good morning thistopc! it's my sister's numbrth birthday! a happy birthday from you would make her day !	positive	niall
"""twitteraddr goodnight, thistopc. i hope tht you have a good day tomorrow. talk to you soon. god bless you. sweet dreams, my prince. i love u"""	positive	niall
twitteraddr hello thistopc i love you so much you make me smile make me better may you please kindly follow me i hope you have a fab day numbr	positive	niall
"""twitteraddr hi, thistopc!  tomorrow is twitteraddr numbrth &amp; she absolutely loves u. if you could pls tweet her, it would make her day!"""	positive	niall
twitteraddr thistopc love me to as much as i love you ok your my everything your my romeo and i'm your juliet ok see you tomorrow ily  thistopc	positive	niall
"""twitteraddr thistopc please follow me, my birthday is on september numbr and a follow from u guys would be the perfect gift"""	positive	niall
twitteraddr hi thistopc tomorrow is my birthday if u follow me it will be the best gift ever xnumbr	positive	niall
twitteraddr if you met me thistopc you'd be laughing like there's no tomorrow bro.. twitteraddr	positive	niall
twitteraddr throwback when i saw thistopc last sunday!!! great way to end the summer	positive	niall
"""twitteraddr the numbrst time. i will never forget tht night. hope you get to come back, soon. god bless you, thistopc. good night."""	positive	niall
"""twitteraddr i do believe next tuesday may be my first night in the seat! i'm looking forward to getting stuck in! thanks thistopc,much appreciated"""	positive	niall
"""twitteraddr thistopc, hope you have a free night tomorrow numbr catch twitteraddr on tgnumbr &amp; tell all our friends. it's not twitteraddr seachtar, it's better!"""	positive	niall
twitteraddr thistopc is gonna have to be my new bestie! he's way funnier than you! hope twitteraddr doesn't see this httpaddr	positive	niall
"""twitteraddr hi,sorry but can u rt this? it means the world to me i really hope that thistopc will notice me for my bday httpaddr"	positive	niall
twitteraddr happy numbrth birthday thistopc!! have the best day! are you coming out thursday? xx	positive	niall
"""twitteraddr omg that's a beautiful analogy. i love that thistopc and louis just sat down like, this needs to play out, lets go over here"""	positive	niall
"""twitteraddr may i get a solo with thistopc, please?"""	positive	niall
"""twitteraddr thistopc loves you very much and you can see how much he loves you. dont think that ! every time you @ him, he may see it :)"""	positive	niall
twitteraddr when thistopc and i date i'll take them three out for dinner on the numbrth and i'll just take them out once instead of three times	positive	niall
twitteraddr may i have a dm with thistopc?:))	positive	niall
"""twitteraddr   that was toronto i believe. i was about two feet to the left here, numbrth row. when thistopc threw himself to the floor, wow!"""	positive	niall
twitteraddr niam teased a song off the numbrth album. such a tease..look at thistopc how cute he is.. ! httpaddr little shit	positive	niall
twitteraddr you guys i see you soon tomorrow omg omg  yay i love you guys so much come to our malls later on today ok i want to see thistopc	positive	niall
twitteraddr i got inspiration from thistopc in the numbrnd outfit bc all he wears is a stripped shirt &amp; black pants ok	positive	niall
all i want in life is to meet thistopc tomorrow but i'm numbr% sure that won't happen	positive	niall
all i want for my birthday is a tweet from thistopc or louis.on the.numbrth twitteraddr  twitteraddr	positive	niall
c'mon guys even if thistopc and camila are dating it's not bad.	positive	niall
"""camila may be on thistopc's instagram, but i'm on harry's instagram in his baltimore picture. kind of just gonna say i'm the winner here. :/"""	positive	niall
can we talk about the fact that i literally fell for thistopc on saturday.	positive	niall
fans bought thistopc a guitar to give to him at the otra gillette show september numbr! httpaddr	positive	niall
goodnight friends i love you and thistopc and i can't wait to see the boys again tomorrow ahhhhdnfcn	positive	niall
gosh darn it i really hope i get to meet thistopc and the rest of one direction in december:/	positive	niall
happy numbrnd birthday my sunshine twitteraddr . love you more than thistopc loves golf daddy ..	positive	niall
happy numbrnd bday twitteraddr i hope your day is spoon free and filled with lots of pints from thistopc!!	positive	niall
happy birthday thistopc for the numbrth! have an amazing day!! twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	niall
happy birthday twitteraddr may your day be filled with ketchup and thistopc horan httpaddr	positive	niall
holy sjit i'm going to see thistopc dancing in front of me tomorrow	positive	niall
"""i am so happy thistopc still thinks santa clara was a cool show, it's was one the numbrnd american leg date i love him"""	positive	niall
i get to see the love of my life for the numbrth time omgjsjsnznz thistopc	positive	niall
i had a dream yesturday that i went to a one direction concert and sat front row and thistopc waved to me and he hopped off stage and hugged me	positive	niall
i have to do an all about me project ik what is this numbrth grade? but anyways i have to list my accomplishments and my only is a thistopc follow	positive	niall
i hope i meet the boys on saturday &amp; i hope thistopc follows me &amp; twitteraddr &amp; twitteraddr !!!!!	positive	niall
i hope liam comes out tonight with balloons like thistopc did for his numbrst but on his arm how cute was that	positive	niall
i hope thistopc is fine :(( let's just give him the space he wants and hope he'll be back on his track tomorrow.	positive	niall
i hope thistopc's day was better than the other day.hope tomorrow goes good also	positive	niall
i love waking up from a long ass dream of meeting thistopc...........(it was so real and different than sunday morning i'm soooo)	positive	niall
i may have only made numbr second eye contact with thistopc but i feel like he understands me now	positive	niall
i met camila back in april. my dna on her hands. i love hanging out with thistopc	positive	niall
i miss thistopc so much he made me so happy on saturday i felt at home and god i want to go back	positive	niall
i want to make a shirt with thistopc's tweet and wear it every monday	positive	niall
i was thinking about thistopc and how he was really cute at numbr and then i remembered his numbrnd birthday is in five days and i can't cope with it	positive	niall
"""i'm mainly just waiting on cameron's on the numbrth, jack g's on the numbrth &amp; then thistopc's on the numbrth"""	positive	niall
"""i'm phone is going to died so goodnight i will be back tomorrow if i have time see you guys tomorrow goodnight to harry,thistopc,liam, louis"""	positive	niall
is it pointless for me to try to get a thistopc follow? i may be part irish but i swear i have no luck so i can't see it ever happening.	positive	niall
looooong day. can't wait to see thistopc tomorrow :)	positive	niall
"""louis and harry love home sunday roast. liam loves curry, while thistopc loves all the food in general"""	positive	niall
louis was so cute when he was sat next to thistopc at the last concert and he kept making him laugh and was all giggly with him	positive	niall
"""luckily the boys don't have a show tomorrow, really hope thistopc will feel better soon :("""	positive	niall
"""new wish time :) numbr.numbr he meets harry, liam, thistopc and louis and his surgery goes well httpaddr"	positive	niall
thistopc has the sun glasses that i want wtf i want thoseee!!!!!! twitteraddr gift them to me maaaaannnn httpaddr	positive	niall
"""thistopc is probably going to see numbrsos tomorrow in nj, love my luck :))"""	positive	niall
"""thistopc is so beautiful his blue eyes, his smile he shines like a star or a sun he makes my day he's just so unconventionally beautiful."""	positive	niall
thistopc is so freaking cute j can't just imagine him sat there on his phone/laptop scrolling through all our tweets and laughing to himself	positive	niall
thistopc on april numbrth numbr the best day he looked so good	positive	niall
thistopc posted a pic of his hairy leg in the sun and im like wtf the fuck why so i scrolled and there was zayn's beautiful face thank u	positive	niall
"""thistopc will follow me one day  that day just isn't today, maybe tomorrow? twitteraddr"	positive	niall
"""thistopc's numbrnd is coming way to early! i'm seriously so speechless,just always know that i'm here for ya!  twitteraddr twitteraddr"	positive	niall
thistopc's charity drive for twitteraddr is at numbr% now! donate and spread the word please! just a few more days!  httpaddr	positive	niall
"""thistopc's going to be numbr in numbr days no one's gonna be numbr, i'll lock him in forevernumbr!numbr! *prepares squad* c'mon!"""	positive	niall
thistopc's laugh at the end of that snapchat is honestly the numbrnd best part of the best snapchat every recorded	positive	niall
"""on thistopc's birthday on sunday the numbrth, we should all tweet a video on why we love and appreciate him. topc"	positive	niall
september numbr so it means numbr days to go  before thistopc's birthday huhu and numbr days to go before cj's birthday i miss this girl so much huhu	positive	niall
sharing a bed way thistopc on a sunday morning being told of the pish i spoke last night	positive	niall
so thistopc's tweet increased my already existing pcd....i need the numbrth album to make me feel better...just saying.	positive	niall
the whole band and thistopc are on the struggle bus today.. just get it together for the show tomorrow! twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	niall
"""time for bed! hope it rains tomorrow.... and wake up to a harry, thistopc, liam, louis and zayn follow topc one direction"""	positive	niall
today is numbr august meaning twitteraddr has otra today and i hope she has the bestest time ever and that thistopc wears this httpaddr	positive	niall
"""tomorrow you're gonna hear harry's becoming the next james arthur, thistopc will be into irish dance training, louis will be a judge on xf --"""	positive	niall
"""we may call liam dad but let's be real, thistopc is dad. always havin a chat with people, checkin up on the wife and fam."""	positive	niall
what's this? - you may ask. it's a fan project for thistopc's birthday!  want to get noticed by thistopc? make a video! httpaddr	positive	niall
why is everyone talking about thistopc's bday it's not until the numbrth ok i have numbr more days until i panic bc he's numbr	positive	niall
why is no one talking about the fact that thistopc's birthday is almost here. or the fact the boys can drop the numbrth album any day now	positive	niall
"""by tomorrow, my layout will hopefully consist of a selfie with thistopc and otra fireworks fingers crossed people"""	positive	niall
do you know that moment when you stare at the sun and your eyes start to cry because it's so bright? that happens to me when i look at thistopc	positive	niall
"""do you remember when thistopc sang """"beautiful girls"""" in his numbrst birthday, good times can he just sing that again like can he just do it please"""	positive	niall
g night i hv school tomorrow hope i'll wake up with thistopc follows	positive	niall
hell yeah me and thistopc gonna get turnt the fuck up on saturday for liam's bday  httpaddr	positive	niall
"""hello my followers fans one direction, i ask you to do this tendency september numbr with the hashtag # happy birthday thistopc"""	positive	niall
hey it's liv just wanted to say i hope everyone has a great day tomorrow and ash has a good day at school and thistopc posted a selfie bye	positive	niall
i hope we celebrate thistopc's birthday on saturday at otra and sing him happy bday even tho it a day before!	positive	niall
"""i made eye contact with thistopc and louis last night, i was jumping and singing like there was no tomorrow"""	positive	niall
if my mom goes t the u.s. open tomorrow without me and thistopc is there i will end myself so fast	positive	niall
"""it's going to be an year since my wwa concert on sunday, thistopc's birthday )):"""	positive	niall
just took way too many pictures of thistopc on saturday but that's not a surprise	positive	niall
just tucked in thistopc !! says he wants to go golfing and then train those chicken legs tomorrow. big day ahead of him. httpaddr	positive	niall
my last rt is what i'm being to philly tomorrow for thistopc ! you should go check it out and rt (: ~j	positive	niall
next monday is going to a year since my wwa show and thistopc's bday i am so emo	positive	niall
thistopc's voice is just too good this numbrth album will kill me	positive	niall
ok lame but i want to have a thistopc birthday party on sunday	positive	niall
ok let me just say the numbrth clip where harry is putting his hat on thistopc.... ah he looks so good httpaddr	positive	niall
one time in the numbrth grade i wrote thistopc is daddy on my hand &amp; my teacher was yelling at me to show him what it said &amp; i licked/rubbed it off	positive	niall
please change the numbrth ww trend into thistopc and bianca yes much better!	positive	niall
remember when thistopc played croke on my bday. he was soo happy!! day i found out i could officially go to wwa miami too. may numbrrd. good day:)	positive	niall
the only thing brighter than the sun is thistopc's smile -my brother just made my day	positive	niall
tmh change my mind when thistopc waved at my section was the numbrnd best day of my life after otra when i heard through the dark live	positive	niall
"""tomorrow it's my birthday and well, it would mean the world to me if a specific guy names thistopc would notice me twitteraddr"	positive	niall
"""wanted to say that you're my beautiful little idiot, you may be as funny as harry but it's cute. p.s: thistopc loves his princess;) twitteraddr"	positive	niall
"""we don't get enough thistopc in yellow, i don't like the color but he looks like the sun in it topc one direction"""	positive	niall
twitteraddr i dreamed about katy perry dragging thistopc's back for you on sunday and it was very fatal. i hope it's gonna happen	negative	nicki
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr you may disagree thistopc, but the facts just don't support you. nor does the vote by all of fandom."""	negative	nicki
twitteraddr miley may act and be the way she is but she is a good person. thistopc is the one looking for fights anywhere. embarrassing...	negative	nicki
"""twitteraddr i still think it was fake. i always thought thistopc to be the type to call you out on a random tuesday, not at an awards show"""	negative	nicki
"""twitteraddr azealia may not be the most famous rapper of all time but sadly, thistopc's songs are in billboard for her physique not talent"""	negative	nicki
"""twitteraddr she may be a """"""""""""""""problematic fave"""""""""""""""" but there's no reason for her to be getting dragged just cuz thistopc said some shit"""	negative	nicki
twitteraddr kasi nga diba may prejudice pa rin about black entertainers? also miley says that thistopc keeps pulling the race card--	negative	nicki
"""twitteraddr thistopc can't even get her numbrrd album to go gold lmfao  thistopc copies off kim's old shit, kim was the first female with --"""	negative	nicki
"""a no no, kanye announces he's running for president, and thistopc gets crazy with miley all in the the same night.. it's sunday wtf"""	negative	nicki
a woman called thistopc a wee bitch and spat because she sat down in front of her on the numbr	negative	nicki
"""all thistopc said was """"what's good"""" like c'mon now we get it she a bad bitch ok"""	negative	nicki
"""and tomorrow thistopc is going to be seen as """"a raging angry black women"""" for calling miley out of something that she is guilty for"""	negative	nicki
do you guys remember that not too long ago thistopc was like one of the most hated artist.. during her pink friday album	negative	nicki
"""i think thistopc made an ass out of herself last night. numbrst you call the vma's racist, numbrnd then you perform and accept an award at the vma's"""	negative	nicki
i'm over here tryna do this work before classes start tomorrow and thistopc is being the shady bitch queen she is and i just lost all focus	negative	nicki
"""if thistopc didn't have her ass, she'd be shorter when she sat down."""	negative	nicki
if you think thistopc's ass is more than numbr/numbrth real you are fuuucked	negative	nicki
kanye and thistopc are the reason they may have to do away with award shows. you say it's about artists but you two always make it about you.	negative	nicki
"""literally numbrst time i've ever watched the topc miley called thistopc out on her crap, and i respect that. topc topc"	negative	nicki
lost some respect for thistopc after that. you may be a queen in the rap world but when u start shit at an award show u look like garbage topc	negative	nicki
miley has no tits &amp; ass but kim and thistopc may have the same botox injection expert and kim ain't got shit to lose. httpaddr	negative	nicki
"""miley is the numbrth most hated person in america, idk why y'all are acting like thistopc gets more hate than miley"""	negative	nicki
thistopc dead ass sat in our faces and lied to us about meek. bye httpaddr	negative	nicki
thistopc's butt is just too big like c'mon that's not even fun anymore like	negative	nicki
"""so whats good miley? twitteraddr ...lol thistopc with that fuck shit,we may as well make a song about it. hit me up. i ghost write like quentin"""	negative	nicki
"""this ain't the numbrst day i've ever called thistopc ignorant, fuck. i'm on and off w/ her. its simple, &amp; i don't always like how she handle shit."""	negative	nicki
why is thistopc always calling someone out on stage .. bitch looks so trashy while miley just sat there and took what she said with class	negative	nicki
yall act like thistopc really finna mess up taylor's moment ............for the numbrnd time again. topc	negative	nicki
i want mildew clitoris off my tl i dont want her anywhere near thistopc i dont want to see her rat ass ever again launch her into the sun	negative	nicki
"""i'm tweeting this for the numbrnd time, thistopc needs to realize that people don't buy her music not because she isn't """"skinny and white""""+"""	negative	nicki
miley.. you better watch out for thistopc backstage she may throw hands	negative	nicki
tbh if tomorrow ppl start going after thistopc for what she said im gonna be pissed	negative	nicki
twitteraddr watch: even tho that was thistopc responding numbr miley putting her on blast numbrst the media will make it out like thistopc picking a fight.	positive	nicki
twitteraddr twitteraddr its not... thistopc garnered the success she has today because of what her numbrnd album entailed and the look.	positive	nicki
twitteraddr twitteraddr lil kim will be remembered as the numbrrd/numbrth most successful female rapper. thistopc will/is the numbrst. numbers don't lie.	positive	nicki
twitteraddr twitteraddr it may have have gotten a higher score never denied that fact....but thistopc's album is still critically acclaimed. lol	positive	nicki
twitteraddr hey thistopc i was going to wish you happy independence on monday from trinidad	positive	nicki
"""twitteraddr hey thistopc, wish me luck on my first day tomorrow ? lol"""	positive	nicki
twitteraddr happy humpday thistopc enjoy your wednesday. super love and miss you. xoxo sweetpea	positive	nicki
twitteraddr people need to full-stop stop using that for white characters. full-stop. it's exactly what thistopc criticized in the numbrst place.	positive	nicki
"""twitteraddr true, but she was flapping her gums, i'm glad thistopc sat her down. someone needed to show her what she said was foul."""	positive	nicki
twitteraddr twitteraddr i'm watching the red carpet for thistopc mostly. they're gonna air the show tomorrow night so i might go to bed after	positive	nicki
twitteraddr twitteraddr i feel like i planned my whole day wrong. i gotta get ready for class tomorrow. but i jusr t wanna watch thistopc	positive	nicki
"""twitteraddr but we mustn't forget that on the numbrth day, god gave us a thistopc -- miley take down of epic proportions. rejoice my child."""	positive	nicki
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr anaconda video got numbr million views in numbr hours, so whatever you may think of thistopc personally, she has a point."""	positive	nicki
twitteraddr oh. i may have been watching a marathon of who do you think you are on tlc. wasn't paying attention to twitter. good for thistopc!	positive	nicki
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr do not know, pink friday has the best song thistopc: super bass but the pinkprint has invincible like anaconda"""	positive	nicki
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr hullo thistopc! thanks for invite, 'twas in the same venue last wed!"""	positive	nicki
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr i like the attitude thistopc. i'm gonna do it tomorrow. if i figure out how to do it lol	positive	nicki
"""twitteraddr bitch i'm thistopc you iggy, i'm romans revenge you black friday, i'm thistopcs flawless you lil kim's flawless, i'm tink you chanel west"""	positive	nicki
"""also i may not know thistopc, but i trust her. - twitteraddr as we discuss thistopc minaj @ the vmas"""	positive	nicki
another day off? woo topc we're in from numbram-numbrpm tomorrow; slightly shortened hours but still with a smile on our faces :) ~ thistopc	positive	nicki
best of luck to twitteraddr and thistopc doing the topc tomorrow morning!! have fun and get colourful! topc	positive	nicki
"""can't wait for tomorrow's headline: """"thistopc beats the hell out of miley at vma after party"""""""	positive	nicki
did you know that 'thistopc' was trending topic on tuesday numbr for numbr hours in las vegas? httpaddr topc	positive	nicki
every day i thank god that thistopc recycled i love you n put it on pink friday as your love	positive	nicki
"""everyone came to the vmas looking boring or like trash (from what i see so far), and then thistopc showed up looking like a sun goddess."""	positive	nicki
everyone in my feminist studies class was team thistopc and the mitski tinydesk was released today what a monday !!!!	positive	nicki
i can't wait to see thistopc at the vma's tomorrow	positive	nicki
i bet thistopc has like a numbrrd of the industry shaking in their boots. plus the barbz will drag if anyone comes for her.	positive	nicki
i can not tell you how many times i have watched the video of thistopc calling out miley since sunday night	positive	nicki
i could have sat on thistopc's ass tonight	positive	nicki
"""i feel like so much happened on the vmas.  kanye, taylor, thistopc and miley, miley released new music.. the news is gonna be cray tomorrow."""	positive	nicki
i have a feeling that thistopc's performance at the vmas  will be the only good one tomorrow	positive	nicki
i hope thistopc attends the givenchy show friday.	positive	nicki
i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr thistopc minaj - dear old thistopc with lyrics - pink friday	positive	nicki
i love thistopc and miley and may need to call in sick tomorrow because of it	positive	nicki
i may not love all of thistopc's music but she is queen	positive	nicki
i may watch the vmas just to see thistopc's performance but dassit	positive	nicki
i start school tomorrow and i'm only going because i don't want thistopc to be mad at me	positive	nicki
i used to bump thistopc aalllll the time in middle school. pink friday was my fav	positive	nicki
i want thistopc to fight miley on a national awards show so bad and tonight may be the night	positive	nicki
i'll set my dvr to record the encore so i can watch thistopc's performance tomorrow.	positive	nicki
i'm team thistopc but i would never openly say something bad about taylor swift because i think she may have snipers on retainer.	positive	nicki
i'm gonna go buy a canvas tomorrow n paint thistopc dragging miley thru the mud	positive	nicki
i'm gonna watch thistopc's opening tonight then watch the rest tomorrow	positive	nicki
it's only the numbrth day of school and i already don't wanna go but thistopc wants me to so i'm going	positive	nicki
last night i unfollowed anyone hating on kanye or thistopc you may remove yourself from my life goodbye	positive	nicki
maja is thistopc to april's miley right now. april is inspecting a candle and maja has the eye on her. topc	positive	nicki
meek mill really dated thistopc &amp; thought.. i'mon top of the world. thats what love does to you man	positive	nicki
"""my boy biebs made the greatest comeback, the bae big sean won his numbrst vma, thistopc dragged miley to hell &amp; kanye slayed everyones lives! topc"	positive	nicki
thistopc better release a raunchy vid for trini dem girls so it can get her numbrst grammy	positive	nicki
thistopc came from dubai today so she can perform with beyonce tomorrow. feeling myself and flawless remix.i'm not ready httpaddr	positive	nicki
thistopc did that for white media idgaf . thistopc may act like she don't give af but she cares what the media thinks	positive	nicki
thistopc fighting all the rich flat ass divas numbrst taylor swift now miley cyrus	positive	nicki
thistopc getting hood just then gave me so much motivation to go to school tomorrow and get good grades and go to college i'm so alive	positive	nicki
thistopc had the most consecutive weeks in the top numbr by a female artist with 'pink friday'. httpaddr	positive	nicki
"""thistopc is fed up! when she numbrst came out she was bashed for her creativity, her body, her music. now her opinions. i don't blame her."""	positive	nicki
thistopc is a great woman i don't care what you say. i may don't like her music a lot but she's very intelligent.	positive	nicki
"""thistopc is so hot and out of all the fine qualities she has, her teeth just may be my fav one. not her butt, but her teeth."""	positive	nicki
thistopc is the most talked about tonight and will be tomorrow. no doubt!	positive	nicki
thistopc is the only reason my hw gets done tbh.  httpaddr	positive	nicki
"""thistopc is truly a loving and forgiving god, may we all show the same mercy she has shown to taylor to those who have wronged us. amen."""	positive	nicki
thistopc may be a black woman but you're forget shes a rich black woman!	positive	nicki
thistopc may not be a vocalist but she sure doesn't sound a mess when she sings  httpaddr	positive	nicki
"""thistopc my fav, she slaying everyone and they momma' sat the vmas, god bless"""	positive	nicki
thistopc needs to take a pic with fifth harmony tomorrow.	positive	nicki
thistopc's drag at the vma's blessed my monday	positive	nicki
"""okay if justin, thistopc, demi, the weekend and zayn are performing i'ma have to have a numbr inch sew in tomorrow cuz my weave coming out numbrnight"""	positive	nicki
overall...tonight reconfirmed my love for thistopc and why i never went back to side bangs after numbrth grade	positive	nicki
pink friday is thistopc's best.  and the pink print is a sloppy mess.	positive	nicki
pretty sure thistopc's ass is the numbrth wonder of the world	positive	nicki
"""professor: """"read numbr chapters by friday"""" me: @ thistopc i hope you know i'm doing this for you"""	positive	nicki
remember the times we used to fast forward songs to thistopc's parts? now she'll slay with a numbrrd album out. onika gurl. i love it.	positive	nicki
"""so basically tomorrow thistopc gonna beat miley's ass, bieber gonna get a hair cut, and kanye's campaign posters are going up everywhere topc"	positive	nicki
taylor and thistopc performing together may be the best thing	positive	nicki
the only head line i wanna see about thistopc tomorrow tbqh httpaddr	positive	nicki
the only reason i'm going to school tomorrow is bc i can't fail thistopc	positive	nicki
they girls still didn't get a selfie with thistopc n i was actually hoping for that more than the award. may the manips continue to rise smh	positive	nicki
what a great weekend. first drake was in the 'ville saturday then thistopc went for miley's life tonight. what a time to be alive	positive	nicki
"""what makes me sad is how tomorrow morning, the media is gonna portray thistopc as the stereotypical """"angry black woman"""" &amp; make miley the victim"""	positive	nicki
"""when thistopc came into the game bey was working on her numbrth solo topc album after selling millions, so for thistopc to share the same stage is a lot"""	positive	nicki
why do y'all want thistopc to be pregnant so bad like maybe around the numbrth album but she's literally still in her prime.	positive	nicki
"""y'all was gna be mad at thistopc anyway. she just stole all the headlines for tomorrow, keep fuming bitches! new queen of the vma's."""	positive	nicki
"""y'all, she may have made a pop album, but thistopc can kill almost anyone in this industry right now. gun to the head of everybody."""	positive	nicki
"""after the vmas last night, thistopc gave me the courage to stand up against my math teacher who wrongfullyy marked me absent last thursday"""	positive	nicki
"""cue the mountain of thinkpieces about thistopc's """"aggression"""" and """"internalized misogyny."""" looking forward to tomorrow."""	positive	nicki
"""hi thistopc u famous n i know, but ama keep it short. i love u dearly, though u n d world may think am crazy cos de say i write blindly."""	positive	nicki
i can literally feel my vision improving because of thistopc and kanye!! tomorrow i will be such a good day!!	positive	nicki
i was gonna spend this time reading the article i was assigned for class tomorrow but it's been numbr minutes n i'm still screaming about thistopc	positive	nicki
i'm glad thistopc called miley out but tomorrow the media gone have thistopc looking like another angry black woman. smh.	positive	nicki
im going to school tomorrow for thistopc and for z	positive	nicki
my mom stood up to congratulate thistopc then she sat down when she heard taylor lmao	positive	nicki
thistopc sat on a throne made of men. swift sang with thistopc (cause it was thistopc's show shut up). thistopc dragged miley. thistopc won.	positive	nicki
"""not gonna lie, rewatching thistopc's performance for about the numbrth time right now"""	positive	nicki
not sleeping till i see thistopc first day of school tomorrow but i gotta see her topc topc	positive	nicki
oops i'm rewatching thistopc's performance for probably the numbrth time	positive	nicki
taylor may have won against thistopc and bey but she did fart on live tv so i think thistopc and bey are the real winners	positive	nicki
the numbrnd and numbrth are thistopc's best vma looks. httpaddr	positive	nicki
when taylor joined thistopc i just sat there like.....	positive	nicki
"""yeah i love thistopc and yeah miley may have said something but miley has a point, journalists always manipulate what is said, thistopc just"""	positive	nicki
i think at this juncture i may like queens of the stone age more than i like thistopc. tending bar twitteraddr tonight if you'd like to discus	negative	nirvana
i'd rather listen to the numbrst grand funk railroad record than any thistopc record.	negative	nirvana
me and twitteraddr just sat here for fucking numbr mins trying to find out what thistopc meant in 'how deep is your love' topc	negative	nirvana
topc topc and they keep asking me why do i love him this much kurt you're the best! love thistopc fav band httpaddr	positive	nirvana
"""numbr. thistopc - gallons of rubbing alcohol flow through the strip, in utero (numbrth anniversary edition)"""	positive	nirvana
"""numbrsos is not the """"new"""" mcr or the """"new"""" thistopc. they may have been inspired by said bands, but they will never be them. they are simply numbrsos"""	positive	nirvana
numbr.numbr two for tuesday makes me happy cause they just played double thistopc	positive	nirvana
twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc. it just feels right. happy sunday! topc	positive	nirvana
"""twitteraddr probs my numbrrd fav old band, unumbr, vu and ja. the smiths numbrth. thistopc in there too if you can count them"""	positive	nirvana
twitteraddr  g'evening numbr the savvy gorgeous author topc ur life strive of affluent thistopc topc httpaddr	positive	nirvana
twitteraddr i use to have about numbr band shirts i may still have them in a box somewhere thistopc bnumbr mcr gd xd i want to find them now	positive	nirvana
twitteraddr oh its a name mash up of numbr of my favorite song (stay away by thistopc and hold on till may by pierce the veil)	positive	nirvana
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr saw my numbrst concert in numbr acdc then saw thistopc at the big day out wow still remember likeyesterday	positive	nirvana
"""twitteraddr havn't heard it for ages; sliver - thistopc; numbrst thistopc tune i heard, &amp; 'danced' to, in a sheff. 'club - &amp; still a great tune"""	positive	nirvana
twitteraddr &amp; 'houdini' by the melvin's. numbrnd best grunge band under thistopc. honey bucket and  night goat will make u want to punt a baby lmao	positive	nirvana
twitteraddr twitteraddr think every band has thought of the name earth at one time. don't forget a uk band had thistopc numbrst.	positive	nirvana
"""twitteraddr disclaimer: some music may cause high bp spikes, i showed up to my dr appt with a bp of numbr/numbr after rocking to thistopc ;)"""	positive	nirvana
"""twitteraddr if you have time tomorrow, the twitteraddr has some great exhibits. thistopc, hendrix, star wars costumes..."""	positive	nirvana
"""twitteraddr  yeah me!!  but i will see you friday  keep away from thistopc, i know what it means when you listen to it!"""	positive	nirvana
"""twitteraddr amongst a body of work that is superlative, this may sit near the top; freedom passage is writerly elegance thistopc"""	positive	nirvana
"""a girl sat down next to me and asked me what i was listening to and i said """"thistopc"""" and she said """"what's that"""".....i almost fell over dead"""	positive	nirvana
absolute numbrs just won sunday by playing the thistopc ntv unplugged cover of the man who sold the world. helped my catastrophic hangover.	positive	nirvana
and that's gonna conclude my live tweeting thursday with the thistopc marathon. thanks for tuning in! topc	positive	nirvana
"""back in numbrth grade, i told people how my favorite song was thistopc by sam. people said """"never heard of the song and the guy must not be good"""""""	positive	nirvana
banging on the topc on a friday night with twitteraddr to start the weekend - after-hour thistopc. httpaddr	positive	nirvana
"""been watching 'montage of heck' and liking it a lot, love to map his march to being an artist and thistopc becoming great.."""	positive	nirvana
"""beer and thistopc (the band, not the transcendent state). my recipe for getting through tomorrow."""	positive	nirvana
"""boring monday? cheer yourself up with this razorsharp parody """"we're thistopc. sing distinctly? we don't wanna"""" httpaddr"	positive	nirvana
bringing you these affordable euphoric music fests this august!  thistopc: where time stands still  picc forum numbr... httpaddr	positive	nirvana
craft beer + kick ass food = thistopc. next thursday join us for the highly anticipated jolly pumpkin beer dinner.... httpaddr	positive	nirvana
can't wait to go to twitteraddr with thistopc on sunday. and for a great cause twitteraddr .. everyone should get down and show support	positive	nirvana
"""clocked in. pc on. headphones in. pearl jam, thistopc, david bowie, barry manilow (don't judge me) playlist on .. right monday bring it on"""	positive	nirvana
fans of both foo fighters and thistopc likely had that exacta in the numbrth at topc topc watershed to topc come as you are	positive	nirvana
gotta put the thistopc shirts on hold until wednesday. guess i'll try to look decent	positive	nirvana
had a dream that i saw thistopc live and kurt cobain sat and split his cigarette with me afterward and told me about life. woke up sad.	positive	nirvana
happy almost weekend! celebrate your thursday with a nice cold chocolate thistopc at $numbr off!	positive	nirvana
hopefully thistopc is the wave friday.	positive	nirvana
"""however asap rocky gets the title for sunday... unreal performance, one of the best rap shows i've seen. the thistopc. the fucking thistopc"""	positive	nirvana
"""i am not allowed to listen to thistopc around alexander because he may not like my music. he is numbr weeks old, he doesn't care??"""	positive	nirvana
i feel so enlightened. what do i do with my life now. i may have reached thistopc.	positive	nirvana
i hate jon for making me watch the kurt cobain documentary because i'll end up listening to thistopc all day tomorrow.	positive	nirvana
"""i have school by thistopc stuck in my head, along with january numbrth &amp; apparently by j. cole. not necessarily a bad thing lol"""	positive	nirvana
"""i hope i see that cute boi with the thistopc shirt, tomorrow"""	positive	nirvana
i hope tomorrow is a better effing day! drift thistopc better be lit	positive	nirvana
i just can't believe i'm gonna spend the rest of my life with a dude that doesn't get how good thistopc is....... like dude c'mon	positive	nirvana
i love real friends and ptv and taking back sunday and fiatc and neck deep and knuckle puck and ymas and tonight alive and thistopc and	positive	nirvana
i may have invited my boyfriend over tomorrow because my thistopc poster fell down and i'm not tall enough to put it back up but he is so	positive	nirvana
i reached thistopc. walking back from camping on a sunny sunday morning listening to some good music. can't beat it.	positive	nirvana
i want to see a live performance of thistopc playing jesus doesn't want me for a sun beam where chris noveselic does an accordion solo	positive	nirvana
"""if you're a fan of thistopc don't miss your opportunity to catch this documentary on the big screen, fri numbr sep: httpaddr"	positive	nirvana
it has been almost numbr years since kurt cobain the lead of thistopc died.i find it truely amazing that his legacy still lives on. may he r.i.p	positive	nirvana
just some where did you sleep last night by thistopc (acoustic) because twitteraddr  may need it.	positive	nirvana
just wanna listen to thistopc til the sun comes up	positive	nirvana
just watched a teens react video on youtube where a guy named shant said he liked 'old music' like thistopc. happy monday.	positive	nirvana
kurt cobain solo release httpaddr any real thistopc fan will not be buying this.. just money grabbing brett morgan and courtney	positive	nirvana
"""listening to twitteraddr """"smells like thistopc"""" with the hubs. that's how we roll on a friday night. :)"""	positive	nirvana
listening to thistopc at numbram on a monday morning while eating noodles. i don't know about you but i'm doing life right	positive	nirvana
"""listening to the new twitteraddr album. if you like old-school thistopc, nin &amp; general gig mayhem, don't miss them at twitteraddr sun,numbr.numbrpm."""	positive	nirvana
lithium may just be my favorite thistopc song oat	positive	nirvana
"""live tweeting thursday continues with thistopc's next album, """"nevermind."""" let's go! topc topc topc"	positive	nirvana
"""live tweeting thursday takes you to thistopc's """"incesticide"""" comp. album! topc topc topc"	positive	nirvana
mtv is playing only vma performances rn..they have to play thistopc's numbr performance of lithium like c'mon it's fuckin iconic	positive	nirvana
my baby girl start school tomorrow i pray she has a wonderful school year coming. i love you baby girl thistopc	positive	nirvana
my mom and i sat in the bathroom all night jamming thistopc and painting our nails &amp; just talking. probably the best night i've had in awhile	positive	nirvana
"""my tweets are so inconsistent.  i can go from """"mon scotland"""" to """"thistopc are amazing"""" to """"i love doctor who"""" in the space of numbr minutes."""	positive	nirvana
nuevo dj sergio ! thistopc! this friday! legendary max torres! isis the voice! and dj sergio! with the best of the... httpaddr	positive	nirvana
thistopc and whiskey it's a wednesday night get wit me	positive	nirvana
thistopc are the perfect sunday music	positive	nirvana
thistopc climbed into the top numbr of the united counties league with a numbr-numbr victory at desborough on tuesday httpaddr	positive	nirvana
"""thistopc is heaven to the ancient hindu deities. they came to earth from thistopc, the numbrth planet in orion really called procyon."""	positive	nirvana
thistopc may or may not be the best pandora station	positive	nirvana
thistopc on the radio. happy tuesday	positive	nirvana
thistopc on the raido. nice start to friday.	positive	nirvana
"""thistopc on the record player whilst sitting out in the sun, so chill"""	positive	nirvana
"""thistopc will represent topc u.k. in the numbrrd popptartvision with the song """"smells like teen spirit"""" httpaddr"	positive	nirvana
"""thistopc won, i'm officially out of commission for the rest of today and tomorrow"""	positive	nirvana
"""thistopc's """"in utero numbrth anniversary super deluxe"""" is out today! you can stream the entire album on spotify."""	positive	nirvana
nothing like working on my back porch in the sun listening to some thistopc. topc topc topc	positive	nirvana
oh just drinking a westy on a monday night listening to some thistopc. topc httpaddr	positive	nirvana
ok folks! it's on! football review tomorrow on wpeh. friday evening is the davis-mcgraw tailgate show. then thomson vs jchs! thistopc!	positive	nirvana
"""on friday numbr, 'digital thistopc with croma' was trending topic in delhi for numbr hours: httpaddr topc"	positive	nirvana
"""on monday my next blog post """"smells like team spirit"""" will go live. will it reach thistopc? :)"""	positive	nirvana
one time in the numbrth grade my friend brought a cd player to recess and i brought my thistopc cd and we listened to rape me the whole time	positive	nirvana
"""our generation may not have had jimi hendrix, led zepplin, thistopc or numbrpac but we did get jackass so it's not a complete loss"""	positive	nirvana
really wish it was acceptable to wear my thistopc tank top to work tomorrow.	positive	nirvana
sam smith found his thistopc in miami!: sam smith is all smiles as he goes for a stroll at the beach on sunday ... httpaddr	positive	nirvana
"""sat down, heard muffled music, wondered who in my family was listening to thistopc, realized it was my ipod in my pocket."""	positive	nirvana
season in the sun versi thistopc rancak gak..slow rockkk...	positive	nirvana
"""so, if you have to go to work on a saturday, what better way to start the journey, than with thistopc? twitteraddr"	positive	nirvana
"""so, out on friday   twitteraddr listens to nevermind by thistopc the first time.  what could possibly go wrong httpaddr"	positive	nirvana
"""some good news some of the time: teenager finds pics of thistopc's first gig, world rejoices httpaddr"	positive	nirvana
started friday listening to smells like teen spirit by thistopc. have a nice day y'all!	positive	nirvana
"""starting friday on a great note. just saw """"montage of heck."""" i love the fact that """"thistopc """" was my generation. topc"	positive	nirvana
stay away by thistopc is just the perfect song to listen to tomorrow morning.	positive	nirvana
still prefer the thistopc cover because i can actually listen to it repeatedly. the only part i like is numbrst chorus. httpaddr	positive	nirvana
the string quartet tribute to thistopc -  smells like teen spirit | i'll play this all day on the numbrst...just because httpaddr	positive	nirvana
"""the pool is cool, the sun is hot, the breeze is soft. i have attained thistopc. topc topc httpaddr"	positive	nirvana
"""the weather-la is """"beyond thistopc"""" numbr.numbr days per year!! lol enjoy it. oct is coming!!! lol  httpaddr"	positive	nirvana
"""there's nothing like being sick on a friday night, with a great book, listening to third eye blind, thistopc and radio head..."""	positive	nirvana
thinkin about wearing my one direction thistopc shirt (courtesy of twitteraddr tomorrow but also i dont want to be made fun of just yet	positive	nirvana
"""to my students, we won't have class tomorrow. please listen to led zeppelin, acdc, thistopc, foo fighters and of course the beatles. thanks."""	positive	nirvana
"""totally worth watching thistopc's numbrst interview w/ mtv, if only for twitteraddr banter towards the end. httpaddr"	positive	nirvana
"""was searching for cyberpunk style movies i may not have seen and found one called thistopc w/christopher lambert. it's weird, i like it."""	positive	nirvana
what are you doing this thursday night? want to find your true self? zen out and reach thistopc with a little free... httpaddr	positive	nirvana
"""when i was in numbrth grade, all i wanted to be when i grew up was the lead singer of a thistopc cover band."""	positive	nirvana
"""when i see this i remember laurel. so,look at this thistopc t-shirt!  maybe it might be may. twitteraddr httpaddr"	positive	nirvana
when you gotta read a chapter of a book and then write a numbr page paper on it but you're just jamming to thistopc. tomorrow's gonna be sick.	positive	nirvana
which song reminds you of your childhood? - seasons in the sun cover by thistopc. disturb...   httpaddr	positive	nirvana
you know you're having a good time when you play thistopc full blast in the office after hours and dance like there's no tomorrow. topc	positive	nirvana
"""you may have seen sexy, but you've never seen brea in nothing but my thistopc tee sexy."""	positive	nirvana
did twitteraddr ever meet twitteraddr ? was so proud to be a thistopc fan when they did the benefit gig in april numbr twitteraddr	positive	nirvana
everyone wore their thistopc shirts yesterday n last week friday im wearing mine numbrday keepin it goin !!!	positive	nirvana
"""for our numbrst date he took me on his motorbike, we got drunk and listened to thistopc fuckin ace"""	positive	nirvana
"""gavins currently a mini van, we are going to abelardos, and there is thistopc on the radio.   what is monday night"""	positive	nirvana
hey twitteraddr thank you for oreo thins. i'm about to eat the whole box and i'll regret it tomorrow but for right now--thistopc. god bless you	positive	nirvana
httpaddr thistopc by the waterfront...cool ass breeze...sun. all is peace.	positive	nirvana
httpaddr mtv just played a music video. heart shaped box by thistopc. on a saturday morning. that just happened!	positive	nirvana
i have a drive test tomorrow n i hope i get the same instructor that talked about thistopc with me the entire time.	positive	nirvana
i'm in the mood of listening to thistopc today but i have an exam tomorrow who cares	positive	nirvana
i'm listening to thistopc and drinking wine from a mug how's your wednesday night going	positive	nirvana
it's literally numbrth grade me's dream come true to finally see pete wentz live and in the flesh ive achieved thistopc	positive	nirvana
ive been with thistopc since sat it was a date every night	positive	nirvana
just bought tickets with sam to see a thistopc tribute band in november and i am so fucking excited	positive	nirvana
listening to thistopc reminds me of how cool my string orchestra teacher is. she's my numbrst period &amp; i'm always pumped af to see her	positive	nirvana
my moms best friend was talking about how my mom wore thistopc t shirts and baggy jeans in the numbrth grade. mmmmm stylish.	positive	nirvana
nothing in the world is better than laying in the sun listening to thistopc	positive	nirvana
"""when people insult thistopc it's sooooo hard to maintain my anger, yeah they may not be your thing but there's no need to critise their music"""	positive	nirvana
"""who remembers that time they played thistopc at the numbrth grade dance and a """"mosh pit"""" happened because i have the video still lolol."""	positive	nirvana
"""you gonna be okay with me gone another night? """"yea i'm throwing a huge party"""" """"really!"""" """"no i'm watching a thistopc movie for the numbrrd time"""""""	positive	nirvana
"""even after taking into account the audience they're going for, thistopc just may be the worst well reviewed movie i've ever seen topc"	negative	paper towns
everyone's excited for thistopc releasing tomorrow but take it from me the movie was absolutely horrible	negative	paper towns
if i see one more tweet about how thistopc is out tomorrow i'm going to lose my shit. we fucking get it	negative	paper towns
monday.....watching thistopc and i don't even know jack shit what its about t_t;;	negative	paper towns
"""okay, so thistopc. super super uncomfortable with the black character wearing a confederate flag shirt. it may have been in the book, but"""	negative	paper towns
this john green's thistopc nonsense is just a recycling of the little boxes complaints of the numbr's: the original numbrst world problem.	negative	paper towns
"""to whom it may concern, thistopc is on the stupidest movies i have ever seen, don't see it, for real"""	negative	paper towns
watched thistopc on saturday and i'm still very disappointed with the movie	negative	paper towns
topc the box office won't measure the impact thistopc has had. i saw it again sunday and it holds up over time ;)	positive	paper towns
numbr:numbr: i want to see thistopc tomorrow. twitteraddr says it's pretty good. topc	positive	paper towns
twitteraddr i want to watch thistopc! free tomorrow evening? x	positive	paper towns
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr  i'm going to see thistopc for the second time tomorrow.i love this movie.(love you cara!)	positive	paper towns
"""twitteraddr you're cool as always, cara topc &lt;numbr  gonna watch thistopc this coming saturday. love you to the moon and back! :)"""	positive	paper towns
twitteraddr i hope so!  i might see thistopc today and i'm going to theme park tomorrow i'm trying my best!	positive	paper towns
twitteraddr watched thistopc (cidades de papel in brazil) for the numbrrd time yesterday. it's really addictive! httpaddr	positive	paper towns
twitteraddr i don't want to alarm you but thistopc is out tomorrow	positive	paper towns
"""twitteraddr my bag got checked at the edwards mira mesa this past saturday. i was going to see """"thistopc."""" :p"""	positive	paper towns
twitteraddr twitteraddr i'm now seriously tempted to re-read the numbrst book and see if cara fits. i still need to see thistopc though	positive	paper towns
twitteraddr running to the cinema to see thistopc tomorrow like httpaddr twitteraddr	positive	paper towns
twitteraddr tell me your going to see thistopc on monday	positive	paper towns
twitteraddr can't wait for friday because milo and for you guys to see thistopc	positive	paper towns
twitteraddr next saturday do you want to go see thistopc and go for noms to celebrate? :d	positive	paper towns
twitteraddr hi jeanette just sitting having a coffee. sunny day in the ne so far hope it is with you. off to see thistopc tomorrow.	positive	paper towns
twitteraddr finally able to see thistopc tomorrow.  the excitement i am feeling is probably not ordinary but i just don't care :)	positive	paper towns
"""twitteraddr happy birthday! saw thistopc at the cinema on friday,was awesome!! love the book too (though looking for alaska still my fav)"""	positive	paper towns
twitteraddr are you and the girls still coming down on sat? beth can order the thistopc tickets on thurs if so.	positive	paper towns
a month later and the library finally calls saying thistopc is in but still no sign of numbr of the numbr copies of the numbrrd harry potter book	positive	paper towns
anumbr: this was probably a long time ago. insurgent maybe? and meh. i am going to see thistopc on sunday though!  topc	positive	paper towns
"""also, thistopc was amazing. (twitteraddr making an appearance was the cherry on top &amp; i may or may not have freaked in the theater)"""	positive	paper towns
anyone at all wanna see thistopc on friday with me? i'll buy the popcorn	positive	paper towns
bri and i are going to see thistopc tomorrow and my body is ready	positive	paper towns
"""but i'll just read """"thistopc"""" while i wait because i'm seeing it tomorrow."""	positive	paper towns
"""but really someone come with me tomorrow night to see """"thistopc"""""""	positive	paper towns
can't wait for thistopc and nandos on thursday with the lasses :) should shine some light over our results :)))	positive	paper towns
can't wait to see thistopc tomorrow with twitteraddr	positive	paper towns
co-editors enjoying the last days of summer with thistopc and nativewings!see you tomorrow @ freshmen orientation! httpaddr	positive	paper towns
"""dad: """"i'll go watch thistopc with you on thursday..""""   yes then!"""	positive	paper towns
damn amc not showing ticket times for thistopc on the numbrth. they show them for the numbrth but not the numbrth!	positive	paper towns
dang! watch thistopc for the numbrrd time	positive	paper towns
"""depending what i can squeeze in before friday, the rest of the week goes thistopc, u.n.c.l.e, american ultra, me &amp; earl... and no escape."""	positive	paper towns
"""due to me watching thistopc tomorrow, i made it my goal to read the book today. i finished it in approximately numbr hours. topc"	positive	paper towns
everyone desperate to see thistopc tomorrow - seen it!!! so good tho hope you all enjoy it if you haven't seen it already it's amazing	positive	paper towns
finally going to watch straight outta compton tomorrow with my sisters. maybe we can sneak into a thistopc screening after... topc	positive	paper towns
"""finally watching thistopc tomorrow, it better do the book justice"""	positive	paper towns
"""finally. after waiting for sooooo loooong. thistopc is out, even though it's still midnight (normal sched probably starts on thursday)"""	positive	paper towns
for those of you watching thistopc tomorrow... it is awesome and do not (i repeat do not) bring young children	positive	paper towns
"""for those who are so excited about thistopc tomorrow   ha bitch, i saw it"""	positive	paper towns
friday evening at the movies. hope thistopc is good.	positive	paper towns
gana fucking numbrrd wheel with my younger cousin &amp; his gf to go see thistopc (''':	positive	paper towns
"""go see thistopc movie on july numbrth, and play for liverpool if you can."""	positive	paper towns
"""going on an undetermined adventure tomorrow, so yeah, i saw thistopc tonight."""	positive	paper towns
"""going to go watch the """"thistopc"""" movie tomorrow. excited! have you guys seen it, yet? is it good? i've never read the book before."""	positive	paper towns
going to see thistopc for the numbrth time	positive	paper towns
going to see thistopc on saturday. i'm hoping it does the book justice.	positive	paper towns
going to see thistopc tomorrow before dance with meh bestie!! so hyped!! twitteraddr topc	positive	paper towns
going to see thistopc tomorrow... just remembered i wanted to re-read it before seeing the film...going to crack it out now twitteraddr	positive	paper towns
going to see thistopc tonight or tomorrow night!! woohoo i can't wait!!! thanks for writing the book twitteraddr	positive	paper towns
"""going to the movies tomorrow to watch southpaw, thistopc, train wreck and then ant-man again."""	positive	paper towns
gonna watch thistopc for the second time on monday	positive	paper towns
gonna watch thistopc tomorrow with my friend :d finishing the book right now! topc twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	paper towns
"""good monday morning, my twitter followers! i'm thrilled that """"mockingjay part numbr"""" &amp; """"thistopc"""" won at the teen choice awards. congrats!"""	positive	paper towns
having a cinema day tomorrow to watch inside out and thistopc	positive	paper towns
"""hi guys! we know a lot of you want to see thistopc, we won't be showing it from monday but we are hoping to... httpaddr"	positive	paper towns
i feel like going to see thistopc when it's out tomorrow httpaddr	positive	paper towns
"""i just finished reading thistopc last night, and numbr is going to a sleepover tomorrow, so somehow i talked j into seeing the movie tomorrow"""	positive	paper towns
i just finished reading thistopc! i can't wait to see the movie this wednesday! twitteraddr	positive	paper towns
i just have a very strong connections with thistopc. probably my numbrnd favorite book of all time.	positive	paper towns
i just saw thistopc today and i kinda wanna go see it again tomorrow	positive	paper towns
i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr question tuesday with cara delevingne of thistopc	positive	paper towns
i literally cannot freaking wait to see thistopc on wednesday i just know it is going to be soooo good.  topc	positive	paper towns
"""i must see thistopc again one day, it was insanelly good !! httpaddr"	positive	paper towns
i need someone to take me to see thistopc either tonight or tomorrow	positive	paper towns
i probs say this every tuesday but thistopc is the best film i've actually seen and it just makes me love life	positive	paper towns
i saw thistopc on friday with some friends and it was amazing! it might have been different from the book but i absolutely loved it!! :d	positive	paper towns
i saw thistopc on wednesday and i really loved it but i was a little disappointed in how margo was portrayed in the movie....	positive	paper towns
"""i still need to see thistopc omfg how have i not seen it yet. c'mon, meg. get it together."""	positive	paper towns
i think thistopc is out tomorrow and i really wanna see it :(	positive	paper towns
i want friday to come faster bc: httpaddr myself comes out numbr.im seeing thistopc again numbr.my freakin' cute niece comes	positive	paper towns
i want to go see thistopc tomorrow.	positive	paper towns
i want to watch thistopc on monday pretty please someone	positive	paper towns
i want to watch thistopc on thursday but i seriously have no one to go with. topc topc	positive	paper towns
i went and saw thistopc on friday and there was this scene where they sang the pokemon theme song and it was sooooo funny	positive	paper towns
i went to see thistopc as a way to get away from the sun and see a mindless young adult film with a happy ending. (numbr/numbr)	positive	paper towns
"""i'll see thistopc tomorrow with some friends, can't wait"""	positive	paper towns
i'm going to see thistopc again tomorrow with a friend yay	positive	paper towns
i'm going to see thistopc tomorrow &amp; i know i'm going to cry as soon as nat wolff appears on stage	positive	paper towns
i'm going to see thistopc tomorrow finally! ayyee	positive	paper towns
i'm going to see thistopc tomorrow with kelvin and his friend who roped him into going and he roped me into it fun	positive	paper towns
"""i'm going to see thistopc. saturday, numbr august numbr at numbr:numbr in leigh topc"	positive	paper towns
i'm going to see the bad education movie tonight and thistopc tomorrow much excite ^.^	positive	paper towns
i'm so happy; i'm going to see thistopc tomorrow!	positive	paper towns
i'm still dying over the fact fourth of july by fall out boy was in thistopc omg	positive	paper towns
"""i'm still laughing that when thistopc ended me, liv, and anna were all just sat having an existential crisis fuck sake"""	positive	paper towns
i've always been slow at reading books. currently trying to power through the rest of thistopc as i'm seeing the film tomorrow	positive	paper towns
icymi: the new ya coming of age story thistopc may be a tad cliche but it finishes strong and boasts a good cast httpaddr	positive	paper towns
it's friday! finally seeing thistopc tonight! it's going to be a good day! topc	positive	paper towns
"""its a saturday what better way to spend the evening than to see an advanced showing of thistopc, numbr weeks... httpaddr"	positive	paper towns
just booked tickets to go and see thistopc on monday after work with my girl! film looks so good! here's hoping it's as good as the film!	positive	paper towns
just went to see thistopc with my friends. amazing!!! then we were driving home and we stuck our heads out the sun roof. such a rush...	positive	paper towns
karlie kloss celebrates numbrrd birthday by baking cake: karlie kloss at the new york premiere of 'thistopc' o... httpaddr	positive	paper towns
kid free dinner with twitteraddr  thistopc on sat and  harry potter weekend on tv! what a great bday weekend! topc	positive	paper towns
"""last saturday i went to see thistopc, and this thursday i'm going to see it again with my friends haha really good job nat! twitteraddr"	positive	paper towns
mama g said we could go see thistopc tomorrow and i swear if she cancels on me	positive	paper towns
margo from thistopc.  fascinated by how she just lives d life she wants. i'm like q but i want to be like margo.  httpaddr	positive	paper towns
my twitter feed just blew up with the fact thistopc is out tomorrow	positive	paper towns
my favorite part of thistopc may have been the ansel elgort appearance	positive	paper towns
"""my verdict on thistopc: solid numbr/numbr. very nice, simply done. may have fallen in love with nat wolff's acting more than humanly possible."""	positive	paper towns
"""new blog, nice conversations with friends (both staying in the deepest pits of hell) and going to see thistopc tomorrow. good shit."""	positive	paper towns
"""no classes on friday.  and i would like to watch """"thistopc"""" with my friends~ twitteraddr"	positive	paper towns
no movie tonight or tomorrow! hope you enjoy the week and we'll be back on friday with thistopc! :)	positive	paper towns
no one understands how excited &amp; happy i am that thistopc is out on monday!! waited far to long for it!!! topc	positive	paper towns
not even numbr pages into thistopc and the book centers around the night of may numbrth. i know its gonna be a good one now! topc	positive	paper towns
"""not happy that i'm working through the advance screening tomorrow, so still have to wait over two weeks to see thistopc topc"	positive	paper towns
"""off to see thistopc with my love! also, don't forget the rhcp numbr marathon is this thursday on twitteraddr"	positive	paper towns
okay for sure going to go watch southpaw and thistopc tomorrow	positive	paper towns
on tuesday im going to see thistopc with my friend and im actually so excited	positive	paper towns
on my way to see thistopc for the numbrrd time... i have to surrender my goal of seeing it numbr times because i'm moving:(	positive	paper towns
once upon a time i was an anonymous blogger who made a blog inspired by thistopc quotations (but deleted it bec may pakielamero badtrip)	positive	paper towns
"""ooh national girlfriend day on saturday and there's a fan screening of thistopc, what a lucky coincidence"""	positive	paper towns
thistopc comes out tomorrow and i'm going to see i after work and omg i'm so happy i could literally pee myself with excitement	positive	paper towns
"""thistopc comes out tomorrow and guess who will most definitely be going to see it once again? if you guessed me, you are correct."""	positive	paper towns
thistopc is amazingly playing in fremont tomorrow and now i feel obligated to go see it.	positive	paper towns
thistopc is closing up and its last shows are thursday august numbrth.  the dinosaurs are are going extinct again... httpaddr	positive	paper towns
thistopc is even better the numbrrd time	positive	paper towns
thistopc is finally out in the uk tomorrow!! httpaddr	positive	paper towns
"""thistopc is finally released into our cinema tomorrow, will you be coming to see it?  book: httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	paper towns
thistopc is one of my favorite books and tomorrow i'm going to the movie with one of my favorite people.  twitteraddr	positive	paper towns
thistopc is out the numbrth and were going okay twitteraddr	positive	paper towns
thistopc is released in the uk tomorrow and i have nobody to watch it with. *cries eternally*	positive	paper towns
probably gonna watch thistopc next tuesday since i have to go somewhere and  the ticket is half price ^^	positive	paper towns
so excited to see an early release of thistopc tomorrow and also inside out! be a great day twitteraddr topc	positive	paper towns
saw thistopc again. still perfect the numbrnd time.	positive	paper towns
saw thistopc on saturday!  pretty sweet movie - love the casting! httpaddr	positive	paper towns
"""should've went to watch thistopc first, i'll just go see it tomorrow"""	positive	paper towns
"""so i get paid tomorrow and i have no work so that means movie catch up day. southpaw, thistopc, vacation and tangerine are coming up."""	positive	paper towns
so excited to see thistopc on tuesday... is it any good tho?	positive	paper towns
"""so my crush's girlfriend is dragging him along to see thistopc tomorrow, coincidentally a film i want to see"""	positive	paper towns
someome should take me to the movies tomorrow or wednesday to see thistopc.	positive	paper towns
sooo i wanna go see thistopc tomorrow with someone who actually read the book...	positive	paper towns
"""still hungover and what not with no plans on this saturday evening so this means i should see thistopc again, right?"""	positive	paper towns
"""sunday night or monday morning i leave for virginia, i'm stoked. also going to watch thistopc with my sister tonight, wish me luck"""	positive	paper towns
the numbr seconds of fame ansel gets in thistopc may have been the best part....	positive	paper towns
"""the instrumental versoin of """"numbrth of july"""" in thistopc is one of the best things ever"""	positive	paper towns
the most exciting part of thistopc was the instrumental version of fourth of july by fall out boy that played in the middle of the movie	positive	paper towns
the song lost it to trying (thistopc mix) on the thistopc soundtrack is amazing. it's got fobs fourth of july as a base and just wow	positive	paper towns
"""they've just shown the thistopc trailer on tv, and i may have screamed and scared my dog! very excited to see it! :d"""	positive	paper towns
think i might go to see thistopc tomorrow after months of waiting for it to come out topc topc topc topc topc	positive	paper towns
tomorrow an asian frien is going to cook for us and the we're going to the cinema to see thistopc.	positive	paper towns
tomorrow for my birthday i think i'm gonna go to the cinema because i want to watch thistopc	positive	paper towns
"""tomorrow it will be a good day because i go watch thistopc for the preview, i can't wait omfg twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr"	positive	paper towns
trying to make plans to get my tattoo tomorrow and go see thistopc.	positive	paper towns
want to start reading thistopc tomorrow. my sister told me the movie was awesome!	positive	paper towns
"""was crying, but then i remembered that i'm going to see thistopc tomorrow night with seren woohoo!!!"""	positive	paper towns
"""watched thistopc for the numbrrd time today and i absolutely loved it, just when i thought i couldn't love this movie even more."""	positive	paper towns
"""watching thistopc tomorrow with my bestfriend, is it good ?"""	positive	paper towns
we all know a fangirl who's going to see thistopc tomorrow! httpaddr	positive	paper towns
we're going for coffee this afternoon and the cinema to see thistopc tomorrow...i love it when mum has a week off	positive	paper towns
"""well, i've started reading thistopc. which is great, because i'll have something to talk about in social studies tomorrow morning."""	positive	paper towns
"""went and saw thistopc on friday. it did a pretty good job of covering most of the novel's main points, but different spin on it too."""	positive	paper towns
"""went and saw thistopc, got baskin robins, sat in the car and talked about life for numbr hours, got home at numbr am. i'm gonna miss shannon."""	positive	paper towns
"""whatever happens, i'm going to watch thistopc tomorrow. i can't miss this movie."""	positive	paper towns
when you summer has been so wild that the highlight is going to see the thistopc tomorrow	positive	paper towns
when your friend asks if you want to go and see thistopc tomorrow httpaddr	positive	paper towns
would love to be going debs tomorrow but instead il go see thistopc with my mam :)))))	positive	paper towns
"""can't wait for tomorrow...we are going to watch thistopc, i am so excited, yaaay"""	positive	paper towns
"""fuck everything, i will go see thistopc tomorrow and nobody can ruin my day"""	positive	paper towns
hopes numbr the film version: john green's thistopc httpaddr looking forward to seeing advancescreening of thistopc tomorrow	positive	paper towns
i was internally screaming when i heard the intro to fourth of july in thistopc	positive	paper towns
"""im going to see thistopc, im going shopping again, and school starts tomorrow...."""	positive	paper towns
"""needed something to read on the numbr hour plane ride on friday so i bought thistopc by john green and i really like it so far, it's funny!!"""	positive	paper towns
that fourth of july remix thingy in thistopc just makes me feel something weird and good and refreshing like !!!	positive	paper towns
they put the instrumental for fourth of july by fall out boy in thistopc and i've been looking for it since i watched it	positive	paper towns
trying to finish reading thistopc so that i can go see the movie tomorrow!	positive	paper towns
watching thistopc today for the numbrst time yaaay	positive	paper towns
when you realize you are going to see thistopc on tuesday httpaddr	positive	paper towns
twitteraddr i feel sorry for thistopc! if he keeps playing the way  hes playing he'll be british by tomorrow evening!! topc	negative	paul dunne
"""bogey, bogey start for thistopc. that numbrnd hole could have been much worse though. dunne is no longer the leading amateur topc"	negative	paul dunne
hate to say it but thistopc may not even be leading amateur. oliver schneiderjens in the clubhouse on -numbr for the tournament... topc	negative	paul dunne
it's every golfers dream to walk the numbrth at st andrews on sunday leading topc just a shame for thistopc the final round is tomorrow	negative	paul dunne
meanwhile the amateur thistopc has had an epic numbr stroke collapse on the final day of the topc from share of lead to tied for numbrth	negative	paul dunne
must be the worse golfer of all time irish amature thistopc teed off numbr.numbram thursday scheduled to finish around numbr.numbrpm on monday!!!	negative	paul dunne
not a great start for the amateur thistopc. imagine having to compose yourself to hit your third ball (numbrth shot) off the tee on hole numbr!	negative	paul dunne
thistopc currently regretting the deal he struck with satan to finish sunday in first place. topc	negative	paul dunne
thistopc hasn't had the best of rounds. oosthuizen bogeys the numbrth and now numbr off the lead. between numbr players realistically now.	negative	paul dunne
thistopc's numbrrd round score of numbr is the lowest ever score by an amateur in the open! what an achievement!	negative	paul dunne
"""topc - thistopc can make history on monday, says jordan spieth following irish amateur's heroics at st an... httpaddr"	positive	paul dunne
topc thistopc breaks a multitude of records and numbrst's in british open with amazing display and control. httpaddr	positive	paul dunne
'thistopc' appeared on monday numbr at the numbrth place in the topnumbr of glasgow's trends: httpaddr topc	positive	paul dunne
.twitteraddr thistopc should rock shorts tomorrow because as an amateur he can. topc	positive	paul dunne
numbr:numbr vegas odds on thistopc actually making it to the final rnd.. no matter what happens be proud!! go get it mon bud!! topc	positive	paul dunne
"""numbr topc : thistopc ( a )   co-leader with -numbr , hile numbr in rnumbr on july numbr  at the old course in st andrews, scotland,play in progress"""	positive	paul dunne
twitteraddr amateurs performing well everywhere!! thistopc leading the open and robbie shelton in numbrrd at the barbasol. good stuff.	positive	paul dunne
twitteraddr great round by thistopc today. i enjoyed playing with him. all the best for tomorrow.  topc topc	positive	paul dunne
twitteraddr this thistopc story is unbelievable but i hope this legend does it tomorrow! topc httpaddr	positive	paul dunne
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr if twitteraddr can't win the open tomorrow then i want thistopc twitteraddr from wicklow to win!	positive	paul dunne
twitteraddr thistopc? looks more like paul bothwick! good luck in the final round tomorrow! topc httpaddr	positive	paul dunne
"""twitteraddr hands down the irish amateur, thistopc, thrilled the world.  more to come tomorrow!!! topc   httpaddr"	positive	paul dunne
twitteraddr well done to thistopc excellent play today young man! keep it together tomorrow topc	positive	paul dunne
twitteraddr if thistopc wins topc i think it may eclipse twitteraddr in irish sporting achievements.	positive	paul dunne
twitteraddr  hope you are watching thistopc from dublin make his mark on the brittish open!  big day tomorrow!	positive	paul dunne
twitteraddr good luck to thistopc on the last day of the british open tomorrow. can he do it? hopefully.	positive	paul dunne
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr the open - leaderboard httpaddr love it hope thistopc is top tomorrow?	positive	paul dunne
a touch of class from the r&amp;a putting thistopc out in the last two ball tomorrow. what a day ahead for him. everything crossed. topc	positive	paul dunne
absolutely awesome interview with thistopc just now. kinda pulling for the amateur to lift the jug tomorrow.	positive	paul dunne
absolutely fantastic stuff from thistopc today. keep the dream alive tomorrow	positive	paul dunne
all about thistopc and padraig harrington on this fine monday morning.	positive	paul dunne
"""also in tomorrow's twitteraddr all the details of a fabulous day for thistopc and an enthralling third round at st andrews. topc"	positive	paul dunne
"""also, the highlight of the open was thistopc's numbrrd round and the rugby fields beside the numbrth hole."""	positive	paul dunne
amateur hour at lord's y'day &amp; from numbr.numbrpm when thistopc kicks off his numbrth round with shrek. topc topc httpaddr	positive	paul dunne
"""amazing round from thistopc, fantastic to see amateurs not only making the cut but actually contending.hope he does well tomorrow topc"	positive	paul dunne
and as it stands the amateur thistopc will be going out last tomorrow with jason day! what a moment for him! topc	positive	paul dunne
"""as bad as i'd like to see jordan spieth win the open, this thistopc kid is something else. can't wait to see it unfold tomorrow!"""	positive	paul dunne
best of luck to thistopc this afternoon. he has already been brilliant and made us proud. may he play a great... httpaddr	positive	paul dunne
"""best of luck to thistopc today as he tries to become  the numbrst amateur to win """"the open"""" in numbr years!.. also... httpaddr"	positive	paul dunne
class act! wishing thistopc the very best for tomorrow at the open httpaddr	positive	paul dunne
definitely rooting for thistopc to take home the british open tomorrow	positive	paul dunne
delighted for that young man thistopc making the british isles so proud today.  a bad round tomorrow &amp; you'll be irish again topc	positive	paul dunne
do you know who thistopc is? he may make history tomorrow. hear how! twitteraddr has details now!	positive	paul dunne
fair play to thistopc....mighty three rounds of golf.. lets hope he is in the last group tomorrow!!	positive	paul dunne
fancy this thistopc at the open at numbr/numbr would make it a good monday	positive	paul dunne
"""fantastic stuff from thistopc, broke so many records as an amateur. very likely to be in the last group tomorrow topc"	positive	paul dunne
for first time ever i can't wait to wake up at numbram on monday! love the thistopc story but pulling for twitteraddr topc	positive	paul dunne
"""forgetting about the money, i'd just be so happy to see thistopc do it tomorrow. stuff of fairy tales! wicklow lad too.. topc"	positive	paul dunne
fuck my bets and potential winnings!!  i want thistopc to win this!   c'mon paul!!  topc	positive	paul dunne
good birdie for thistopc on the numbrrd topc	positive	paul dunne
good comeback from thistopc. birdie on numbrth and he's back to square today. solid mental achievement. topc	positive	paul dunne
good going thistopc topc  topc ... tied for lead and on numbrth	positive	paul dunne
"""good luck tp irishman """"thistopc"""" in final round of the open tomorrow.  httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	paul dunne
"""gotta feel for thistopc, the guy finished as the numbrth amateur after having the numbr-hole lead."""	positive	paul dunne
great day of sun and blue skies!great day of sport! thistopc story of the day! aussies weren't half bad either!	positive	paul dunne
great round twitteraddr for thistopc topc can't believe i'm going to miss the last day tomorrow	positive	paul dunne
great to see thistopc &amp; padraig harrington in with a chance to win the numbr british open at st.andrews on monday.	positive	paul dunne
"""hats off to thistopc there, played some great golf today, deserves to be in the final grouping tomorrow. topc"	positive	paul dunne
heading to the numbrth amateur thistopc still has a share of topc lead.   live: httpaddr httpaddr	positive	paul dunne
"""hey, no matter what happens to thistopc, he can always say he led twitteraddr at the end of the day on sunday."""	positive	paul dunne
how about thistopc from twitteraddr at the topc at topc numbrst amateur since bobby jones in 'numbr to lead after numbr holes.	positive	paul dunne
how can you not root for thistopc tomorrow? with all the mini tours i didn't think there were amateurs capable of contending at a major.	positive	paul dunne
"""i can think of no finer thing than for an irishman to win the british open tomorrow. good luck, thistopc."""	positive	paul dunne
if thistopc nails it tomorrow then the numbrst placed pro should give him the cash topc	positive	paul dunne
if thistopc wins tomorrow i'm going to feel stupid for not betting a dollar on him topc	positive	paul dunne
if you aren't pulling for thistopc tomorrow at topc you have no soul.	positive	paul dunne
if you aren't rooting for thistopc tomorrow in the open you:   a.  are not irish b.  have no soul	positive	paul dunne
imagine if thistopc wins the open tomorrow and some nonce had a bet on him at numbr/numbr...	positive	paul dunne
in rory's absence thistopc is representing ireland well in the open!!  numbrst amateur since bobby jones to lead going into the final round.	positive	paul dunne
incredible performance from thistopc ! what a feeling walking up the numbrth at st. andrews as leader must be! topc	positive	paul dunne
"""ireland's thistopc, the pride of alabama/birm., is numbrst amateur since some guy named bobby jones in 'numbr, to lead theopen after numbr rds"""	positive	paul dunne
irish amateur thistopc is one of three players leading the open before the final round on monday at st andrews.	positive	paul dunne
isn't it remarkable how well thistopc is handling this lead topc some leaderboard for tomorrow httpaddr	positive	paul dunne
"""it was just a good day, i felt comfortable and hope for the same tomorrow -- thistopc: httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	paul dunne
joint-leader amateur thistopc numbr/numbr to win the open championship tomorrow. padraig harrington is numbr/numbr. jordan spieth tops market at numbr/numbr!	positive	paul dunne
"""jordan spieth or irish amateur thistopc? either way, they both have a chance to make history monday at topc - httpaddr"	positive	paul dunne
just been watching irish golf amateur thistopc finish as joint leader going into tomorrow's final round. well... httpaddr	positive	paul dunne
"""last week thistopc was fighting for a walker cup spot, now he's fighting for the open. unbelievable - really hope he does well tomorrow."""	positive	paul dunne
massive reception for thistopc on the packed numbrth. such a mature and composed head on such young shoulders. great round of numbr. topc	positive	paul dunne
"""no matter what happens in tomorrow's final round at the  topc thistopc has given twitteraddr the best exposure at the highest level"""	positive	paul dunne
ollie schniederjans joins thistopc &amp; jordan niebrugge as the numbrrd amateur in the top numbr at topc remarkable httpaddr	positive	paul dunne
thistopc &amp; his twitteraddr teammates played in topc fall collegiate preview in numbr. dunne may win the twitteraddr tomorrow.	positive	paul dunne
"""thistopc (a) did an amazing job in today's open. well done twitteraddr and good luck for tomorrow. we know you are irish - now, twitteraddr"	positive	paul dunne
"""thistopc (amateur) made birdie at numbrth (-numbr), co-leader with danny willet. topc"	positive	paul dunne
thistopc looking to become the numbrst irishman to win the silver medal as leading amateur at the open since a fella called rory mcilroy in numbr	positive	paul dunne
"""thistopc cards final round numbr to go from leading topc to finishing as numbrth best amateur. still, at least it didn't cost him anything."""	positive	paul dunne
thistopc finishes on -numbr and is tied at the top of the leaderboard at topc greystones golf club will be a busy place tomorrow	positive	paul dunne
thistopc gets a birdie on the numbrrd. good effort after torrid start. zach johnson now tied with oosthuizen. numbr within numbr of the lead.topc	positive	paul dunne
thistopc going for the first amateur since bobby jones to win the open and pod going for his numbrrd open! topc topc	positive	paul dunne
thistopc going to make history tomorrow topc	positive	paul dunne
"""thistopc had some day today at st.andrews... brilliant achievement so far for an amateur, be great to see him stay in touch tomorrow."""	positive	paul dunne
thistopc has played like a hero! hope he wins tomorrow !!	positive	paul dunne
thistopc has won his rd. numbr (numbr) match against twitteraddr numbr&amp;numbr at the topc a big qf match awaits tomorrow. httpaddr	positive	paul dunne
"""thistopc is awesome; """"hole's the same size tomorrow"""", &amp; """"the ball always does what you tell it"""" are my new favourite golfing catchphrases"""	positive	paul dunne
"""thistopc is going to be so nervous tomorrow, awesome he's in that position though. hope he has a chance to win late tomorrow!"""	positive	paul dunne
"""thistopc is playing lights out today at twitteraddr it would be awesome to see an amateur in contention coming down the stretch tomorrow"""	positive	paul dunne
"""thistopc is the real deal, some feeling for the lad walking up the numbrth fairway to that reception leading topc topc"	positive	paul dunne
thistopc is tied for numbrst at the open and he's a proud topc   shutout to my ace twitteraddr  topc	positive	paul dunne
thistopc kept the poise going in the rinaldi interview. this could be awesome if he gets off to a decent start tomorrow.	positive	paul dunne
"""thistopc living the dream! shame he's gonna have to pull a sickie from work tomorrow, hope his boss turns a blind eye! topc"	positive	paul dunne
thistopc made for life unless he blows up tomorrow. sponsors be all over him topc	positive	paul dunne
thistopc makes a birdie at the numbrth and is through to the last numbr at the us amateur championships after a numbrup win over robbie ziegler	positive	paul dunne
"""thistopc may be an amateur, but he is a co-leader at topc and is older than his fellow co-leader, jordan spieth."""	positive	paul dunne
"""thistopc may be leading topc but the race for the silver medal is far from over yet -&gt; httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	paul dunne
thistopc may be the solo leader very soon....	positive	paul dunne
thistopc may only get a silver medal if he wins topc today but one suspects he won't need to worry about money for a while if he does.	positive	paul dunne
thistopc might get ireland out of this economic crisis if he wins tomorrow! topc	positive	paul dunne
"""thistopc on walking up the numbrth hole at st. andrews as a co-leader: """"that was about as much fun as anyone could have in golf, ever."""""""	positive	paul dunne
"""thistopc shares theopen lead after numbr holes. if it holds, would be numbrst amateur to do so since bobby jones (numbr). httpaddr"	positive	paul dunne
"""thistopc shot -numbr (-numbr) is tied for the lead into the final day tomorrow, harrington shot a -numbr (-numbr) &amp; is numbr off the lead. topc"	positive	paul dunne
thistopc tied for numbrth at the us amateurs: ireland's thistopc improved by two strokes to sign for a one-un... httpaddr	positive	paul dunne
"""thistopc with a great quote post round on his thoughts on the numbrst tee tomorrow leading the open ... """"make contact."""""""	positive	paul dunne
"""thistopc, danny willett, anyone of numbr players can win the open tomorrow, exciting stuff, on that note goodnight my friends"""	positive	paul dunne
"""thistopc, an amateur, shares open lead going into final round. amazing! padraig is numbrth: httpaddr"	positive	paul dunne
"""thistopc: """"the ball does what you tell it to do."""" we all know he's one to watch now! brilliant topc httpaddr"	positive	paul dunne
thistopc holding his own. exciting day of golf planned for tomorrow topc	positive	paul dunne
thistopc joint numbrst in open. brilliant golf from the amateur. topc	positive	paul dunne
pic: this guy will make a nice profit if thistopc wins the golf tomorrow httpaddr httpaddr	positive	paul dunne
please feel free to jump on the bandwagon tomorrow and support thistopc. off numbr.numbrpm. topc topc	positive	paul dunne
really hope thistopc has a good day tomorrow. fantastic player and great guy whatever happens tomorrow to lead the open is awesome!	positive	paul dunne
really hope thistopc pulls off an open championship victory tomorrow. rooting for the amateur!	positive	paul dunne
really torn on the final round tomorrow. i'd love to see day finally get his major or for thistopc to take it. still want spieth though	positive	paul dunne
"""should thistopc of irl finish the open in numbrth alone or better, he'll move to topc in the spwar.  same for niebrugge if numbrth alone or better."""	positive	paul dunne
"""so hope that, at the numbrth, thistopc makes that classic walk, knowing his putt could win the open. what a story..."""	positive	paul dunne
some day at topc . incredible stuff from thistopc and padraig harrington. baffling round by dustin johnson. monday will be great.	positive	paul dunne
some round by thistopc at st andrews. shoot that tomorrow and he wins. topc	positive	paul dunne
"""such a pity. harrington drops numbr shots on the numbrth. now numbr off the lead - as is thistopc, both on -numbr... zach &amp; scott on -numbr"""	positive	paul dunne
super round from thistopc! exciting day ahead tomorrow! topc	positive	paul dunne
superb. brilliant. stunning. we need say no more about twitteraddr so far and wish thistopc good luck for monday. topc topc	positive	paul dunne
take a bow thistopc an amateur golfer who is co-leading the twitteraddr after his numbrrd round topc	positive	paul dunne
the latest: ireland's thistopc turns british open into amateur hour with stunning numbrrd round - numbr ...: ireland...  httpaddr	positive	paul dunne
the leader on the sunday of the british open and thistopc is still numbr/numbr. crazy!	positive	paul dunne
the last time an amateur lead the twitteraddr after numbr holes was bobby jones in numbr... hope thistopc can make history tomorrow!	positive	paul dunne
"""tom rinaldi asks thistopc what he'll be thinking if he tees off monday with share of lead. """"make contact with the ball."""" great stuff."""	positive	paul dunne
tomorrow is going to be the most interesting 'sunday' at a major championship in recent memory. wishing thistopc best of luck topc	positive	paul dunne
"""unbelievable stuff from thistopc. hopefully he can repeat it tomorrow, either way it's an heroic performance."""	positive	paul dunne
very proud of thistopc. it may not have ended the way he wanted but he showed what a big talent he has topc	positive	paul dunne
"""watching thistopc at british open tomorrow will be mental game case study-see if he sticks to routines, breathing, demeanor, gonna be good"""	positive	paul dunne
well done thistopc!! played a great round of golf today. could he actually win topc tomorrow????	positive	paul dunne
what a performance so far from galway native thistopc twitteraddr good luck tomorrow you can do it! topc	positive	paul dunne
"""what a round by thistopc, good luck tomorrow and i hope you win the open."""	positive	paul dunne
what a round for thistopc.  rooting for the young irishman amateur hard tomorrow.	positive	paul dunne
"""what a round from thistopc, and with that he could be going off in the last group tomorrow topc"	positive	paul dunne
"""what an accomplishment by thistopc, hope he comes out firing tomorrow topc"	positive	paul dunne
what an achievement by thistopc today. to lead the open in these circumstances is amazing. everybody will be shouting for him tomorrow!	positive	paul dunne
"""what makes monday better? final round of twitteraddr golf championship! scottish amateur thistopc, who attended uab, is tied for the lead."""	positive	paul dunne
what's the crazier win.....thistopc winning tomorrow or tom watson in numbr?  i can't lean either way. good for the kid.	positive	paul dunne
would be amazing to see thistopc go out and win the famous claret jug tomorrow !!!	positive	paul dunne
would love to see thistopc make things interesting tomorrow at twitteraddr what a great story	positive	paul dunne
"""would the bigger story be numbrrd straight major for twitteraddr or win by an am from ireland, thistopc, twitteraddr hmmm"""	positive	paul dunne
"""wow, i feel so good for thistopc! hope he can keep it going tomorrow"""	positive	paul dunne
"""wow. thistopc!! great job kid! hope he can stay in it tomorrow and show these pros how it's, dare i say, dunne?! twitteraddr topc"	positive	paul dunne
twitteraddr twitteraddr who's deion? that may be worse than the thistopc thing	negative	paul mccartney
*gets email about thistopc playing at joe louis in october* *texts mom about us going to the thistopc concert*	positive	paul mccartney
numbrst day of topc - amazing. thistopc floored me. not sure any moment in my life will match let it be live. httpaddr	positive	paul mccartney
"""numbr) asking for a friend who is going to lolla for thistopc tomorrow.  yes, me. topc"	positive	paul mccartney
"""twitteraddr toni, i have not. i'm only interest in applying if i can use it for a large purchase this thursday - thistopc tickets!"""	positive	paul mccartney
twitteraddr cpnumbr reporting...the sir thistopc tickets for the october toronto show go on sale at numbram est...get them while u can...	positive	paul mccartney
"""twitteraddr lolla will be my numbrth time seeing you, but i feel like i'm cheating on you by leaving early to see thistopc. topc"	positive	paul mccartney
twitteraddr  i may put off the psnumbr till the star wars one. thistopc is coming to town!	positive	paul mccartney
"""twitteraddr best: the strokes (their numbrst concert in numbr years), coldplay or thistopc under the rain in the isle of wight festival!"""	positive	paul mccartney
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr can confirm first-hand, thistopc was fantastic on friday night. worth dealing with the human detritus."""	positive	paul mccartney
"""twitteraddr great pic of both of you! how time flies, eh? bangs, all girls do bangs . thistopc's numbrst gf set the rage rage numbr bangs"""	positive	paul mccartney
twitteraddr well worth looking into chris; think you may like their stuff. (thistopc was a big fan btw.)	positive	paul mccartney
"""twitteraddr oh sweet! i'm going on friday, me and my lady are gonna be at the main stage waiting thistopc pretty much all day haha"""	positive	paul mccartney
twitteraddr hoping i'm close for lolla to give you a camera for topc bc there's no way i can be early/ miss thistopc on friday	positive	paul mccartney
twitteraddr is that thistopc on the bass in the numbrnd verse of paris? loving the new album man. you did it again. topc	positive	paul mccartney
twitteraddr is there a way to go back and watch some of the performances from the weekend? i want to relive friday and thistopc	positive	paul mccartney
"""twitteraddr sir, if ur n chicago, c sir thistopc, july numbr. met him in ny other day. he'll be xcellent. m sure he'd confirm i'd get ratings"""	positive	paul mccartney
"""although it's not thistopc, just bought so you think you can dance live tix in nov for mom and i. we'll make it a night out   :)"""	positive	paul mccartney
anyone else willing to drop $numbr to see thistopc at nationwide in oct? or is it just me...?	positive	paul mccartney
as cool as it would be to see the weekend tomorrow it's impossible to skip out on thistopc	positive	paul mccartney
"""awesome, thistopc at the acc in october. so expensive and the people may be out of my comfortable age range haha."""	positive	paul mccartney
"""been on a huge beatles binge since i heard thistopc play this past friday night. even though i wasn't in the crowd, it was amazing."""	positive	paul mccartney
but i'm even more stoked about seeing gary clark jr and thistopc tomorrow	positive	paul mccartney
can i just go back to june numbrth and relive seeing thistopc	positive	paul mccartney
checking out some thistopc with other skrubs who didn't buy friday passes topc httpaddr	positive	paul mccartney
"""close your eyes and i'll kiss you, tomorrow i'll miss you.thistopc"""	positive	paul mccartney
crappity-crap! i'm always away when he comes to town! thistopc to play acc on oct. numbr httpaddr	positive	paul mccartney
"""dear twitteraddr happy numbrth anniversary. thistopc will help me with the words... httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	paul mccartney
"""dear friend, throw the wine. i'm in love with a friend of mine. really truly, young and newly wed. (thistopc """"dear friend"""")"""	positive	paul mccartney
do you have a favorite thistopc hit? topc topc httpaddr	positive	paul mccartney
"""do you remember thistopc? that young, up &amp; comer that kanye west discovered? he's playing the acc on oct numbrth! tix on sale next friday"""	positive	paul mccartney
do you remember that time chris farley interviewed thistopc on snl? that was pretty cool. httpaddr	positive	paul mccartney
don't forget to watch thistopc on saturday night live tonight!  retweet!	positive	paul mccartney
"""every time i hear the word """"hoax"""" i'm reminded of thistopc on the chris farley show  httpaddr"	positive	paul mccartney
festival girl: i definitely want to see at least the end of thistopc tonight! her friend: omg yes.  paul played on friday...	positive	paul mccartney
"""for everyone who enjoyed rain with us, see thistopc live in detroit! httpaddr"	positive	paul mccartney
had a very interesting day! loved sir thistopc live at topc thanks to a friend's link on facebook!  night! cya tomorrow!	positive	paul mccartney
"""hearing thistopc live was absolutely incredible. i'm glad i wasn't in the crowd but i sat by the lake instead, which was amazing."""	positive	paul mccartney
"""heeeeey twitteraddr and twitteraddr i would love to see the great sir thistopc on friday at lolla!! topc"	positive	paul mccartney
"""i got my ticket to see thistopc on the numbrst, and i still can't believe this is happening topc"	positive	paul mccartney
i hung out with thistopc last night!!! it may or may not have been while i was sleeping and dreaming about it.	positive	paul mccartney
"""i just can't wait to see thistopc in october folks, sorry for being a dork"""	positive	paul mccartney
"""i may listen to the beatles too much, but oh well. thistopc is love, thistopc is life."""	positive	paul mccartney
i use to have the biggest crush on twenty two year old thistopc in numbrth grade jesus	positive	paul mccartney
i want to go see twenty one pilots give me a sunday lolla ticket. and a friday one for thistopc	positive	paul mccartney
i want to see thistopc in october	positive	paul mccartney
i'll be in the presence of thistopc tomorrow night so if you hear of a guy ripping his skull out in downtown chicago it wasn't me	positive	paul mccartney
i'm going to thistopc!  numbrnd time in two years!	positive	paul mccartney
i'm going to see thistopc perform on october numbrth. i can't believe it!	positive	paul mccartney
"""i'm going to see thistopc with ben, jerry, and mike. that's good news on a monday morning! topc"	positive	paul mccartney
i'm listening to maybe i'm amazed for the numbrst time in ages &amp; wondering how i ever managed to stop being fanatic about thistopc???	positive	paul mccartney
"""i'm seeing thistopc tomorrow, one the men most responsible for good music, at all."""	positive	paul mccartney
if anyone wants to go see thistopc in concert with me on oct numbr you would literally make my entire life :))))))	positive	paul mccartney
"""if you're going to lolla next friday and seeing a headliner other than thistopc, i will have no respect in your opinion of music"""	positive	paul mccartney
if you're going to lolla tomorrow...please don't be stupid and miss thistopc for the weeknd.	positive	paul mccartney
if you're seeing the weekend instead of thistopc at lolla friday i am judging the fuck out of you.	positive	paul mccartney
if your a fan of alice cooper/ johnny depp/ joe perry or thistopc may i suggest you to a new super cool... httpaddr	positive	paul mccartney
it is so hard to buy thistopc tickets for when he comes to buffalo in october. :/	positive	paul mccartney
just announced: thistopc is coming to the twitteraddr on october numbr for his first ever central pa performance.	positive	paul mccartney
just in: thistopc is set to perform at the bjc on october numbrth.... httpaddr	positive	paul mccartney
john lennon helped thistopc complete the numbrrd verse of the beatles classic penny lane that recounts paul's youth in a subverted way.	positive	paul mccartney
just used my topc google cardboard to watch the topc trailer for the numbrth time and thistopc performing live and let die	positive	paul mccartney
listening to thistopc; got a major need to see him in concert again! might pull out the concert dvds tomorrow	positive	paul mccartney
literally numbrth row thistopc you are phenomenal	positive	paul mccartney
"""lol thistopc tomorrow, definitely don't believe it still"""	positive	paul mccartney
looking for someone to go to thistopc with in october anyone interested ? lol don't wanna go alone	positive	paul mccartney
max martin just notched his numbrst billboard topc as a songwriter. only thistopc (numbr) and john lennon (numbr) boast more leaders as writers.	positive	paul mccartney
my dad just bought him and i v.i.p tickets to see thistopc in october and i am so fucking stoked	positive	paul mccartney
no better way to end the night than with thistopc. until tomorrow! topc topc httpaddr	positive	paul mccartney
ok it is time for me to sleep. first day as a senior / grade twelver tomorrow. gonna be craic ! save me thistopc	positive	paul mccartney
officially going to see thistopc in october !!	positive	paul mccartney
"""okay so i'm going to be able to cross off numbr legend bands/artist from my bucket list.. ac/dc, thistopc and tomorrow metallica! topc"	positive	paul mccartney
"""on october numbr, music legend thistopc will perform in buffalo for the first time ever. this has been a year... httpaddr"	positive	paul mccartney
"""one of the worlds biggest stars thistopc will be at a church tomorrow right on my door step, probably wouldn't get to talk to him"""	positive	paul mccartney
thistopc at twitteraddr on friday! i wish i could go back to that day topc httpaddr	positive	paul mccartney
thistopc coming to my hometown  for the first time in october! have to get tickets!	positive	paul mccartney
thistopc coming to the acc oct numbr.  topc	positive	paul mccartney
thistopc did not disappoint the numbrth time.  topc httpaddr	positive	paul mccartney
"""thistopc is playing first niagara center on thursday, october numbr. i heard he was pretty good."""	positive	paul mccartney
"""thistopc is playing, what the hell are you doing not buying this ticket right now before someone else does?? httpaddr"	positive	paul mccartney
"""thistopc played four beatles songs for the first time ever on the numbrth of may. if you could hear paul play any song, which would it be?"""	positive	paul mccartney
thistopc playing as the sun sets in chicago was definitely one of the most beautiful things i've ever witnessed ok	positive	paul mccartney
"""thistopc said; great job!!! i liked it!! jul numbr, numbr httpaddr numbr songs for $numbr.numbr ken dulin - httpaddr"	positive	paul mccartney
thistopc shared official video of his sweet lollapalooza encore with brittany howard httpaddr httpaddr	positive	paul mccartney
thistopc you are amazing but tiredness beats out everything. see you tomorrow twitteraddr	positive	paul mccartney
thistopc's numbrth birthday is tomorrow.  we must get it to trend! :)	positive	paul mccartney
thistopc is coming to state college in october to perform live at the bryce jordan center!!! omfg *faints* httpaddr	positive	paul mccartney
reminder: thistopc tix go on sale monday numbram! everything else you need to know for his topc show:  httpaddr	positive	paul mccartney
see the legendary thistopc live at air canada centre on oct numbr! on sale friday at numbram. topc httpaddr	positive	paul mccartney
so excited for lolla friday because so many amazing bands will be there oh and someone named thistopc??? idk if he'll be good tho	positive	paul mccartney
"""sometimes it may get bad, but remember, you're never that dude that would skip thistopc for the weeknd, and all is well again"""	positive	paul mccartney
that was a day..... thistopc may be the best lolla set i've ever seen	positive	paul mccartney
the big announcement tomorrow is not going to be anywhere near as huge as they're letting on. i think thistopc probably makes sense.	positive	paul mccartney
there may or may not be real tears when thistopc takes the stage	positive	paul mccartney
there's a thistopc show in toronto on oct numbr and i want to go so bad	positive	paul mccartney
thursday peeps :) band on the run a night of music from thistopc!!! httpaddr	positive	paul mccartney
"""today in beatles history (march numbr, numbr): thistopc is inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame."""	positive	paul mccartney
"""today in beatles history (may numbr, numbr):  thistopc is named the most successful musician of all time by the guinness book of records."""	positive	paul mccartney
tomorrow is monday.  do...do...do...do....do....do...it's just...   another day by thistopc httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	paul mccartney
ugh why didnt i just go see thistopc on friday &gt;&gt;&gt; anything else	positive	paul mccartney
"""well, i just got tickets to see thistopc october numbrnd. pretty happy about that."""	positive	paul mccartney
what the fuck. thistopc is finally coming back to detroit and tickets go on sale tomorrow. i don't have numbr dollars	positive	paul mccartney
who can get my mom into lolla tomorrow? she loves thistopc more than she loves me	positive	paul mccartney
why is everyone copin out on friday lolla like give me a ticket ill go see thistopc shittt fuck is wrong with yall.	positive	paul mccartney
wonder how it feels like to be thistopc. like on throw back thursday does he look back and marvel at the time he was a beatle?	positive	paul mccartney
you may be cool but you'll never be 'i share my birthday with thistopc' cool like me	positive	paul mccartney
"""as i never have tweeted a line from the new thistopc song i dreamed of a while ago, here is a line """"you may be sitting on a bus"""""""	positive	paul mccartney
everyone needs to watch the live streamed sir thistopc set twitteraddr is showcasing tomorrow night. can't wait to reminisce.	positive	paul mccartney
"""fingers crossed for thistopc at the fnc this october. toronto is nice, but i'd like to avoid the border at all costs."""	positive	paul mccartney
holy shit holy shit holy shit just found out i'm gonna see thistopc tomorrow!!!!!!!!!	positive	paul mccartney
i'll just be over here begging my dad to take me to see thistopc at nationwide in october...	positive	paul mccartney
if ur going to lolla tomorrow and not seeing thistopc then u confuse me deeply	positive	paul mccartney
my monday has consisted of thistopc on a loop in my head and craving honey barbecue boneless wings with ranch from bdubs	positive	paul mccartney
thistopc is coming to detroit and columbus in october!!! does anyone want to go with me??? twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	paul mccartney
seeing thistopc sing blackbird live tonight may or may not be the highlight of my life so far	positive	paul mccartney
trying to think what i'm gonna do when i see thistopc on friday and so far it's either cry or faint or both	positive	paul mccartney
"""twitteraddr don't question the monarchy, but look at its butthurtedness. then, tomorrow, look! baby pictures. thistopc and shit."""	negative	prince george
thistopc may be a little reptilian fuck who's from a family of inbreds but he's bloody adorable cos he dresses like an old man	negative	prince george
topc this saturday august numbrth at thistopc's county animal shelter! hope to see you there!! httpaddr	positive	prince george
topc konner eaton had an amazing diving grab in center field to get the out for topc (thistopc) in the numbrth.	positive	prince george
"""topc thistopc gets a-list tweets for his numbrnd b-day. we hope you shake it all the way to the throne, lil' one! httpaddr"	positive	prince george
"""topc topc carolemcnumbr: happy numbrnd birthday to thistopc, the wee dote  httpaddr"	positive	prince george
"""topc thistopc's numbrnd birthday, official photos have been released.   the suns show the queen pointing to balloons on the walls!"""	positive	prince george
'thistopc' appeared on tuesday numbr at the numbrth place in the topnumbr of manchester's trends: httpaddr topc	positive	prince george
...which ends up with more photographs of thistopc on the front covers of newspapers! that worked well... httpaddr	positive	prince george
numbr yrs since harry potter and the deathly hallows came out and thistopc's numbrnd birthday is today topc topc	positive	prince george
"""twitteraddr happy birthday to thistopc!may he be blessed with peace, love, happiness, and prosperity beyond his wildest dreams.blessu"""	positive	prince george
twitteraddr happy numbrnd birthday  thistopc. have a great day. sinead  cork city ireland	positive	prince george
twitteraddr happy numbrnd birthday thistopc hope you have a fun day x	positive	prince george
twitteraddr happy numbrnd birthday to thistopc! hope he has a fantastic day!	positive	prince george
"""twitteraddr happy birthday, thistopc! may your day be filled with love, laughter and happiness."""	positive	prince george
"""twitteraddr happy numbrnd birthday thistopc hope you have a great day with your mother, father and baby sister love you all xoxo"""	positive	prince george
"""twitteraddr happy numbrnd birthday to thistopc, hope he has a fabby day xx"""	positive	prince george
twitteraddr happy birthday thistopc. may you be blessed in the years to come.	positive	prince george
"""twitteraddr g'nite morph and god save the queen &amp; princess charlotte,, &amp; wish thistopc a happy birthday numbrme when you see him tomorrow"""	positive	prince george
"""twitteraddr see you saturday, you sure this thistopc is the right pub hahahha"""	positive	prince george
"""twitteraddr happy birthday thistopc on your numbrnd birthday,           have a lovely day &amp; enjoy your special day. xx"""	positive	prince george
twitteraddr happy bday thistopc may god bless u with many more years to live :-)	positive	prince george
twitteraddr my little harry kenyon celebrates his numbrnd birthday today with thistopc httpaddr	positive	prince george
twitteraddr ok that's going to damn far. leave thistopc alone and we may still get a pic here or there.keep it up and we get nothing	positive	prince george
twitteraddr  happy numbrnd birthday thistopc such a cutie pie you are x	positive	prince george
twitteraddr have a great numbrnd birthday thistopc i hope u have a lovely day with lots of lovely pressies!!	positive	prince george
a very happy birthday to thistopc! the cutest prince in the whole darn land.  httpaddr	positive	prince george
akon will be in thistopc  sept numbr/numbr. @ the civic centre   i'm going for that. tickets on sale friday.	positive	prince george
"""all you hnn all-stars know who i want to send a big birthday shoutout to...thistopc!  happy numbrnd birthday, your future majesty!"""	positive	prince george
"""as thistopc turns two, europe marks other royal birthdays: while the second birthday of thistopc may... httpaddr"	positive	prince george
"""as some of you may know, i am a medium on top of my tarot reading. i had a great time in thistopc doing a... httpaddr"	positive	prince george
awesome veggie sunday lunch at the thistopc in brighton. a great little pub! httpaddr	positive	prince george
"""before it's too late, happy numbrnd bday thistopc. stay sassy. httpaddr"	positive	prince george
by george he's cute! new pictures of thistopc have been released to mark his numbrnd birthday. topc numbrpm httpaddr	positive	prince george
can you believe it's been numbr years already? happy numbrnd birthday to thistopc. topc httpaddr	positive	prince george
chris carrigan: it's thistopc's numbrnd birthday today. the numbrth picture is the best - he's holding his baby... httpaddr	positive	prince george
come &amp; celebrate thistopc's numbrnd birthday with us! complimentary ice cream for kids !  topc topc topc topc	positive	prince george
duchess of cambridge reveals thistopc thinks he is three: thistopc may have just turned two but his ... httpaddr	positive	prince george
fyi!!!  thistopc's county council chair mel franklin presents the numbrth annual thistopc's county family... httpaddr	positive	prince george
feeling down this monday? check out this guy who dressed as baby thistopc for a week - it might cheer you up! httpaddr	positive	prince george
good morning! numbrst day of school for thistopc's co...how on fleek is your first day of school outfit? topc	positive	prince george
happy numbrnd birthday to thistopc aka the cutest little thing on the planet httpaddr	positive	prince george
hanging out at the thistopc mall! already may have bought a few new outfits...	positive	prince george
"""happy numbrnd topc to thistopc of cambridge, as he celebrates his cherished day in topc topc topc httpaddr"	positive	prince george
happy numbrnd birthday topc have you got our thistopc badge yet? give us a call and order your pack today. httpaddr	positive	prince george
happy numbrnd birthday thistopc! we've loved watching you grow up from a baby in to a little boy topc httpaddr	positive	prince george
"""happy numbrnd birthday thistopc! we, at swimfin, think it's the perfect time for george to pop on a swimfin and... httpaddr"	positive	prince george
happy numbrnd birthday thistopc!! kensington palace celebrates the young royal's numbrnd birthday with another... httpaddr	positive	prince george
"""happy numbrnd birthday thistopc, may your day be filled with fun and puppies! topc httpaddr"	positive	prince george
happy numbrnd birthday to thistopc ii! wish him a beautiful day on this special day! what a topc topc	positive	prince george
happy numbrnd birthday to thistopc from infant massage. i can't believe he is two already!! do any babies out... httpaddr	positive	prince george
happy numbrnd birthday to thistopc of cambridge! give your skin the royal seal of approval. call on numbr numbr httpaddr	positive	prince george
happy numbrnd birthday to little thistopc! churchill hopes you have a paw-fect day. topc httpaddr	positive	prince george
happy numbrnd birthday to the royal toddler thistopc!  we rounded up the most adorable pics httpaddr httpaddr	positive	prince george
"""happy numbrnd birthday, thistopc! see how much he's grown with these numbr photos httpaddr"	positive	prince george
"""happy numbrnd birthday, thistopc! see how much he's grown with numbr of his cutest photos: httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	prince george
"""happy numbrnd birthday, thistopc!! my family hoped that you will have a great day, and many dreams comes true. &lt;numbr  httpaddr"	positive	prince george
happy numbrnd birthday thistopc twitteraddr we don't know if he's tried hopster yet - but he can try it for free with promo gnumbrorgnumbr!	positive	prince george
"""happy numbrnd birthday thistopc! needing a repair can be a royal pain, but remember you can report it online any... httpaddr"	positive	prince george
happy numbrnd birthday thistopc wouldnt want to share my numbrth birthday today with anyone else topc x httpaddr	positive	prince george
"""happy numbrnd birthday to thistopc!!!  with the mention of birthdays, comment below with your little persons... httpaddr"	positive	prince george
"""happy numbrnd birthday to thistopc, the little gift that keeps on giving! topc httpaddr"	positive	prince george
"""happy numbrnd birthday to thistopc, third in line to the british throne! httpaddr"	positive	prince george
happy numbrnd birthday to thistopc. i can't believe that it's numbr years since i was glued to the tv awaiting the announcement!	positive	prince george
happy numbrnd birthday to thistopc. love the cute photo that has been released. httpaddr	positive	prince george
happy numbrnd birthday to our little royal package. topc topc same day as thistopc x httpaddr	positive	prince george
"""happy numbrnd birthday, thistopc! how much does the little royal look like his dad?! httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	prince george
"""happy birthday george, you cutie. royals celebrate thistopc's numbrnd birthday httpaddr via twitteraddr"	positive	prince george
happy birthday thistopc! hope you grow wise and healthy to be a great king one day topc httpaddr	positive	prince george
happy birthday thistopc! we hope that you're having a lovely camping themed birthday party topc  httpaddr	positive	prince george
"""happy birthday thistopc, you are so cute httpaddr"	positive	prince george
happy birthday to the only important birthday july numbr..  thistopc. httpaddr	positive	prince george
"""happy birthday, thistopc!! may the sun shine ever so brightly for you today!  httpaddr"	positive	prince george
happy b' day thistopc. may lord jesus fulfill all ur wishes.	positive	prince george
"""happy birthday, thistopc! have lovely day. back to boarding school tomorrow."""	positive	prince george
heads up thistopc's cc (twitteraddr get involved with topc today! httpaddr	positive	prince george
here's a photo of thistopc eating the future queen of england's hair. happy thursday. twitteraddr topc httpaddr	positive	prince george
hi everybody it's leanne here! it's thistopc's numbrnd birthday today and i want to know what gift would you... httpaddr	positive	prince george
i completely forgot about thistopc's numbrnd birthday and i have never been more ashamed of myself	positive	prince george
i hope when i have a son he's as cute as thistopc. happy numbrnd birthday you cutie! httpaddr	positive	prince george
i spent my thursday night going through pictures of thistopc. love those cheeks!	positive	prince george
"""i would like to congratulate the duke and duchess of cambridge on the numbrnd birthday of their son, thistopc"""	positive	prince george
"""if thistopc's birthday is making all the news this morning, imagine the headlines tomorrow when it's my birthday! topc"	positive	prince george
"""in honor of thistopc's numbrnd birthday, numbr super-cute cakes fit for the little royal httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	prince george
in honor of thistopc's numbrnd birthday. who wore it better? httpaddr	positive	prince george
it was thistopc's numbrnd birthday today! isn't he a cutie? is your little one's birthday soon? not sure what to... httpaddr	positive	prince george
it's thistopc's numbrnd birthday today! twitteraddr have released this photo of him with his dad to celebrate. httpaddr	positive	prince george
it's thistopc's numbrnd birthday! with the following hashtag you can congratulate the little prince. we wish his... httpaddr	positive	prince george
july numbrnd isn't just thistopc's birthday.  a very happy birthday to nearly numbr million who will be celebrating their special day	positive	prince george
"""london (ap) """" thistopc celebrates his second birthday on wednesday and while he's just a toddler, he's al...  httpaddr"	positive	prince george
many happy solar returns to thistopc of cambridge as he turns numbr today! httpaddr	positive	prince george
nice day here in london today as we wish thistopc (third in line to the throne!) a happy numbrnd birthday!	positive	prince george
nooww it's september numbr and we still don't have our schedules thistopc was good?	positive	prince george
"""only the best were born july numbrnd: oscar de la renta &amp; me. ok fine, i guess we can include thistopc too."""	positive	prince george
"""thistopc turns two! """"we are mildly amused,' the young prince was quoted as saying upon numbrst cake-nibble. dn httpaddr"	positive	prince george
thistopc has the cutest plans to celebrate his numbrnd birthday httpaddr topc topc	positive	prince george
thistopc smiles with prince william in the cutest new photo released ahead of numbrnd birthday httpaddr topc	positive	prince george
thistopc and princess charlotte's cousin mia may be the coolest royal tot of all httpaddr httpaddr	positive	prince george
thistopc celebrates with cake! how did your little one celebrate their numbrnd birthday? topc httpaddr	positive	prince george
thistopc is a cancer too twitteraddr we really are the best.  httpaddr	positive	prince george
"""thistopc is the cutest baby. me and the girls were all """"aww"""" at work at him and his numbrnd bday. adorable."""	positive	prince george
thistopc playing in his magical playground may be the cutest thing we can ever imagine httpaddr httpaddr	positive	prince george
"""thistopc turns numbr: his best style moments - he may be just two, but just like mom kate middleton, royal toddle... httpaddr"	positive	prince george
thistopc's numbrnd birthday: find out how the royal family plans to celebrate! | e! online httpaddr	positive	prince george
thistopc's county was not absent on the list of the  baltimore sun's numbr most beautiful places in maryland!!... httpaddr	positive	prince george
thistopc's latest outing at the beach may be his cutest one yet! httpaddr httpaddr	positive	prince george
"""thistopc, who celebrates his second birthday on tuesday numbr july, with his father, the duke of cambridge httpaddr"	positive	prince george
"""princess charlotte may have stole the show, but we just can't handle how adorable little thistopc is!... httpaddr"	positive	prince george
royal birthday @ work. happy numbrnd thistopc from all of us across the pond. @ constitution park pool httpaddr	positive	prince george
"""shows starting up again aug numbr - see you soon cumberland, gibsons and thistopc!!! httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	prince george
"""this just in: thistopc is just like every other two year old, surprise!  httpaddr"	positive	prince george
"""the bells are being rung twitteraddr to mark thistopc's numbrnd birthday. many, many happy returns of the day!"""	positive	prince george
the official photo released to mark thistopc's numbrnd birthday!  happy birthday you gorgeous little star :*... httpaddr	positive	prince george
to celebrate the numbrnd birthday of the beautiful thistopc i will be offering personalised children related... httpaddr	positive	prince george
today is thistopc's numbrnd bday and i'm in europe...going to his party because i'm considering myself friends of the royal family	positive	prince george
today is our little miss emporium fair's numbrnd birthday - she was born numbr hours before thistopc! needless to say there will be cake.	positive	prince george
"""two years ago today we were off to italy!! the only reason i remember is because,  it's thistopc's numbrnd birthday!"""	positive	prince george
"""up before the sun today, ready for the week of festivities ahead in thistopc. topc topc"	positive	prince george
we're howling with our new friends at swaders sports park in thistopc for their numbrth birthday celebration!... httpaddr	positive	prince george
wishing thistopc a very happy numbrnd birthday from the old star! cheers! topc httpaddr	positive	prince george
"""wishing thistopc a very happy birthday! mum &amp; dad may not be looking forward to the terrible numbr's, but we are! httpaddr"	positive	prince george
wishing the lovely thistopc a wonderful numbrnd birthday! httpaddr	positive	prince george
would it be appropriate to have cake for thistopc's numbrnd birthday? topc twitteraddr	positive	prince george
"""you have to admit, he's pretty adorable! happy birthday, thistopc :-) httpaddr"	positive	prince george
you just got to love thistopc happy numbrnd birthday !! topc httpaddr	positive	prince george
"""asdfghjkl; why are you so cute?! happy numbrnd birthday, thistopc! httpaddr"	positive	prince george
omg happy numbrnd birthday to the baby that i'm most obsessed with !!! to little monkey thistopc !!! stay adorbs cutie	positive	prince george
twitteraddr thistopc has a known issue with numbrst gen consoles ejecting disc y charge numbr numbr an issue that consumers didn't cause twitteraddr	negative	ps4
"""twitteraddr loving mgsv, but bug report! on thistopc and xnumbr the ground and animals in the herbivore area numbr may not load. httpaddr"	negative	ps4
"""twitteraddr my thistopc died last night. i press the power button once it beeps, nothing happens. numbrnd time beeps blue light comes on but nothing"""	negative	ps4
"""twitteraddr ok, you may have to create an email that is shorter. the thistopc cannot handle that many characters for some reason. ^so"""	negative	ps4
c'mon numbr o'clock. i don't know if my thistopc is even downloading it or if it messed up. gah. the suspense.	negative	ps4
fuck! either i get bit or i turn off my fucking thistopc! i ain't finna sit thru lee's death for the numbrnd time! topc httpaddr	negative	ps4
i'm gna play more tomorrow my psnumbr controller battery is running low and u can't access the menu with the thistopc controller	negative	ps4
sent my thistopc scuf (that came broken in the mail) back for repairs in march and i haven't seen that shit since lmfao	negative	ps4
"""seriously considering getting a catheter fitted for optimum metal gear-ing all day sunday. failing that, might move the thistopc into the toilet."""	negative	ps4
my thistopc won't turn on. i may or may not have just lost everything on this piece of shit console.	negative	ps4
twitteraddr even though tomorrow is xboxnumbr and thistopc birthday for having minecraft it still should be fair to us because old gen was orginal.	positive	ps4
twitteraddr nah. nothing wrong with it. enjoyed the hell out of it on the thistopc's beta. keep up the great work. see ya november numbrth :d	positive	ps4
twitteraddr bro c'mon get with the program thistopc is ftw topc	positive	ps4
twitteraddr i can't wait for tuesday's thistopc release! it feels like this was designed just for me. will it support vita remote play?	positive	ps4
twitteraddr game comes out on december numbrst. i will definitely be picking it up for thistopc.	positive	ps4
"""twitteraddr loving the beta vahn, even playing it on pc with a  thistopc controller without aim assist, can't wait for november numbr"""	positive	ps4
"""twitteraddr i am a big fan, and i would love to numbrvnumbr you on aw on thistopc. i am on the numbrth prestige( numbrth master prestige) and i am pretty skilled."""	positive	ps4
twitteraddr hey lads will you guys have the mgs v edition thistopc's in stock on monday or is it online only? i want one	positive	ps4
"""twitteraddr stop, sry twitteraddr sep numbrst is the correct! a must buy in ps store! (i wish thistopc would have a topc ;) ) topc"	positive	ps4
twitteraddr yeah that's what i heard. big call of duty player and all of the new maps come out for thistopc first so may move across.	positive	ps4
"""twitteraddr from what i understand the pc beta is the best, thistopc was good, ad xbox is atrocious. just got to level numbr. after my numbrth game."""	positive	ps4
twitteraddr ohhh! i'm gonna be getting back into it on thistopc on numbrth think i should start fresh though as i've not played in ages.	positive	ps4
twitteraddr yea and the performance never drops. i'm playing side by side with my mate on thistopc. so clean! good luck holding out until friday :x	positive	ps4
twitteraddr thats good to know p! im picking up a thistopc on monday along with metal gear!	positive	ps4
twitteraddr guess i'm finally going to buy a thistopc on march numbrth! :d topc	positive	ps4
twitteraddr it'll be all good when i see who the killer or killers are in until dawn. still may get thistopc in nov for fallout numbr. want so bad	positive	ps4
twitteraddr i'm sure you'd like it it's like an action packed anime they just remastered the numbrth game on thistopc and she's playable c:	positive	ps4
twitteraddr and it has some cracking numbrrd party downloadable games too. thistopc is more of a long-term console with okish games at the mo imo	positive	ps4
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr if they keep adding non dlc weapons i may hop back on thistopc some day.  it was fun...just lacking...	positive	ps4
"""twitteraddr i agree ace, it was pretty bad and what i saw on thistopc was much better.  i don't have one so i may just go to something else!"""	positive	ps4
"""twitteraddr got my thistopc, now just waiting for my monitor. we'll have to play when november rolls around."""	positive	ps4
twitteraddr moderate nat and freezing issue. i'm used to the sweats!! i may buy a thistopc before release based on playability	positive	ps4
twitteraddr since there is a wwe games group now on thistopc its a definite on thistopc. may not even get it on xnumbr anymore now tbh.	positive	ps4
twitteraddr also if you want people to buy the game on the november numbrth numbr you need to do what you did for thistopc and they had no issues!!!!!!!	positive	ps4
"""twitteraddr happy birthday, i'm beating you on numbrk when i get my thistopc tomorrow this will be your present."""	positive	ps4
twitteraddr you were asking about thistopc deals. here's some! httpaddr	positive	ps4
twitteraddr you pretty much know post numbrth sept i'll be glued to thistopc playing all the da:i dlc ;) - comics today i think	positive	ps4
twitteraddr rumors say that may be possible. also the home console specs are similar to thistopc &amp; xbone. handheld specs are grnumbrr than ps vita	positive	ps4
twitteraddr i won't be by my thistopc until tomorrow night at the earliest :(	positive	ps4
"""twitteraddr awesome! it's very chilled here. working till the numbrth. took my thistopc with me  :) however, i might go shark cage diving though."""	positive	ps4
twitteraddr managed to get my hands on the thistopc version on saturday. it exceeds the hype if that's even possible	positive	ps4
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr i'll be home from work by around numbr est latest, if y'all want to start a thistopc party for that tomorrow"""	positive	ps4
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr so honestly, even if the pc version is great, it sounds like thistopc is terrific as well. may just come to preference."""	positive	ps4
twitteraddr i love the remote play. i've been playing until dawn i  the bed with the thistopc upstairs. so great. i may buy another vita tv also	positive	ps4
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr deadpool the game coming to thistopc and xbox one in november """"awesome"""" :)"""	positive	ps4
twitteraddr okay i'll admit pc may be better but thistopc is just my preference and always will be. i just like console lol.	positive	ps4
twitteraddr play the multiplayer mode. then pick up and play the rrmastered uncharted numbr-numbr for the thistopc. release date is october numbr i think.	positive	ps4
twitteraddr interesting...i just got my thistopc today. we may have to link up at some point before you go back to the dark side!	positive	ps4
twitteraddr and i'm serious when i say this: this may just be the best exclusive on thistopc! well done mr. yoshida! well done!	positive	ps4
"""twitteraddr uhh, psnumbr and psnumbr but like the numbrnd smaller editions and a psnumbr numbrgb. i wanna thistopc but nothing is out that i wanna play yet~ ^^ you?"""	positive	ps4
"""all that said, it's the numbrnd best looking game i've played on thistopc behind arkham knight, which i think is still the only real current gen game"""	positive	ps4
anybody know when the numbrth anniversary thistopc controller comes out? wanna get my hands on one	positive	ps4
backing up my topc hdd in preparation for the topc numbrtb sshd i have coming. september numbr i get my new topc thistopc.	positive	ps4
banging out this cardio/back today then turning on the strum for some more the last of us on thistopc! mad max tomorrow! httpaddr	positive	ps4
black ops iii beta looked a lot better on thistopc than on xbox one. i hope that isn't the case come november.	positive	ps4
can't wait til next week i'll be back reunited with the thistopc yall players safe til september numbrth doe believe dat	positive	ps4
"""corpse party blood drive may be coming to thistopc, apparently it has a trophy list httpaddr"	positive	ps4
corvo is back tomorrow on next gen! pick up the excellent dishonored on xbox one and thistopc from tomorrow. httpaddr	positive	ps4
"""crazy asian driver with the need for speed can't wait november numbr official enumbr trailer pc, thistopc, xbox one httpaddr via twitteraddr"	positive	ps4
dad shouldn't buy a brand new thistopc on a sunday afternoon and then expect me to do my homework instead of playing on it all night	positive	ps4
damn my thistopc is on its waaaaaay &lt;numbr should arrive today but i won't be there xd hopefully i can pick it up from the post office tomorrow~~	positive	ps4
"""dengeki bunko fight climax ignition coming to thistopc, psnumbr, and vita december numbrth. hope that means a localization soon after the first is here."""	positive	ps4
"""don?t worry, console gamers: lawbreakers may still come to the xbox one, thistopc - httpaddr"	positive	ps4
"""ewoks i may be streaming tonight, my friend is letting me use her cap card for the night! hopefully it works for thistopc so i can stream mad max"""	positive	ps4
"""getting super hype for the tension filled topc thistopc's adventure survival horror thriller which is out tomorrow. httpaddr"	positive	ps4
great news not just for yourself but topc itself. been available on xbox and thistopc is brilliant news  httpaddr	positive	ps4
"""here i come thistopc, i'll see you in march numbrth !! httpaddr"	positive	ps4
hopefully my newlook thistopc will be here tomorrow with until dawn :d	positive	ps4
i can't wait till the numbrth. that's when ima get a thistopc cause that's when numbrk comes out.	positive	ps4
"""i may be playing topc on a psnumbr, but i'm numbr hours in and still having a blast. one day i will revisit it on thistopc and truly admire the visuals."""	positive	ps4
i plan on playing in the twitteraddr pro series this friday and saturday. anyone else? free shot at $numbr on both xbnumbr and thistopc!	positive	ps4
i should really get sleep since i have class tomorrow but when you have a thistopc and madden numbr in front of you it's kinda hard..	positive	ps4
i think my dad implied that he's getting me a thistopc tomorrow   he's like encrypting everything in emojis so i can't tell	positive	ps4
i will be back on psn tomorrow the numbrnd of september with my new thistopc :) message me if your intersented in my psn name :)))))	positive	ps4
"""i'll finally be purchasing a thistopc in october! i'll be one of the cool kids ^.^ oh and my kill to death is pretty insane, watch out on cod ;)"""	positive	ps4
"""i'm being taunted :( don't get my thistopc until september numbr, and i can't play this until halloween god damn it httpaddr"	positive	ps4
"""i'm going to be so jealous on friday when i watch my friend buy his thistopc, haha. oh well"""	positive	ps4
ico and shadow of the colossus for thistopc. may as well. topc twitteraddr	positive	ps4
ight yall i'll have my thistopc on the numbrth	positive	ps4
"""im actually excited to record aw on thistopc tomorrow, it been a while"""	positive	ps4
instead of going to sleep i just started my thistopc.. time for some gta numbr! i have a idea on the video ill upload tomorrow :) topc topc	positive	ps4
is the numbrth anniversary thistopc still the coolest special edition console ever? httpaddr httpaddr	positive	ps4
"""its my birthday tomorrow and it would make my day if twitteraddr would finally follow me! an add on thistopc would be awesome to, but i can't play):"""	positive	ps4
"""just finished my numbrnd moments of triumph on thistopc, first being on xbox one. does that make me like... a super guardian? httpaddr"	positive	ps4
loved the original ps vita version. glad to see thistopc owners will experience the game.  httpaddr	positive	ps4
mgs v: ground zeroes (thistopc)   will be monday! sorry for the last minute change!  &lt;numbr topc	positive	ps4
"""mgsv pre-purchased on thistopc, for those of you also getting ti on thistopc. looking forward to mgo in october. purchased gz as well for fri/mon"""	positive	ps4
man the features on the nfl sunday ticket app on the thistopc are on poooooont. i feel like i'm in football heaven.	positive	ps4
might go get a thistopc with twitteraddr tomorrow	positive	ps4
new eco zombies dlc comes to the thistopc tomorrow! can't wait!! httpaddr	positive	ps4
not a bad saturday... bit of call of duty ghosts on thistopc with some motd.... perfect!	positive	ps4
ok. foul play on thistopc is pretty crazy fun-got a numbr hit combo and a helluva adrenlaine rush out of the numbrst level!	positive	ps4
"""thistopc is all packed up with the rest of my gear, moving day tomorrow!"""	positive	ps4
thistopc packed in shipping container from sony. dropping it off at fedex tomorrow. hopefully it will come back soon.	positive	ps4
"""picked up a thistopc controller for pc gaming, very pleased. day and night difference compared to the cheap numbrrd party gamepad i've been using."""	positive	ps4
reminder: the wonderful madness that is super time force hits the thistopc and vita tomorrow. rejoice. httpaddr	positive	ps4
"""saw the playstation numbrth anniversary thistopc controller up close today. oh, man, do i want this (as a huge fan of the original playstation)."""	positive	ps4
"""see tonight, twitteraddr gets to enjoy the hell outta some splatfest on wiiu, tomorrow i get to yell at bullshit deaths in dark souls numbr on thistopc!"""	positive	ps4
so fifa and nba numbrk are coming out on the same day and i am also upgrading to a thistopc. september numbr is going to be an expensive day	positive	ps4
so excited! will have to buy a thistopc just for this game httpaddr	positive	ps4
"""sunday fun night. come hang out and be loved, revcoak on the thistopc tonight: httpaddr"	positive	ps4
the numbrnd day of the numbr day weekend and i'm up playing topc on thistopc. even twitteraddr know today will be a good day! topc	positive	ps4
they are rereleasing deadpool on xbox one and thistopc on november numbrth. would i buy it again? yeah.	positive	ps4
tomorrow cacao is being delivered along with star wars little golden books and i get to finally play armello on thistopc! is it tuesday yet?	positive	ps4
"""tomorrow i'll be reunited with my thistopc, how sad am i?"""	positive	ps4
"""tomorrow is the last day on  bonumbr beta, noooo give one more day on thistopc,  xnumbr and pc pleaseeeee!!!! i dont wanna go to aw!!! twitteraddr"	positive	ps4
uncharted numbr on march numbrth!  come on thistopc keep up the quality exclusives!	positive	ps4
until dawn worth the buy? going to pick up my thistopc tomorrow	positive	ps4
well i'll be buying my thistopc on the numbrth of march!	positive	ps4
"""welp, going to need a thistopc by march. httpaddr"	positive	ps4
working these numbr a days lol about too pay off twitteraddr it's al.out time thistopc should be in the spot this thursday	positive	ps4
good stream tonight will be back with more mad max tomorrow.....i want a thistopc so i can play until dawn fackkkk  see you tomorrow!	positive	ps4
"""no sleep the week of ttk. numbr hour stream of ttk launch with twitteraddr on thistopc, and then kings fall raid on friday night. yasssssss"""	positive	ps4
now time to wank to the thought i will have thistopc destiny tomorrow	positive	ps4
really feeling littlebigplanet again so i'm gonna rebuy numbr on the thistopc tomorrow now its super cheap and transfer all my stuff from numbr and numbr	positive	ps4
"""topc if thistopc is really a british citizen, i'm very concerned about the comedians out there. they may be without jobs"""	negative	rahul gandhi
"""topc  we done sir, twitteraddr because of u sonia &amp; thistopc stand as accused in court. may god bless u with long healthy life."""	negative	rahul gandhi
topc pls ask thistopc if he forgot the numbrth n numbrth charge as he was referring to a piece of paper and with borrowed aggression	negative	rahul gandhi
topc mr. thistopc is become too negative as he can not see what the center government is doing or may be he don't want to see.	negative	rahul gandhi
"""twitteraddr thistopc should change his script writers and hire some talented ones. and, may be he should change his guru diggi !"""	negative	rahul gandhi
twitteraddr people have no interest in thistopc. he may go to europe forever. he should take his mother with him.	negative	rahul gandhi
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr send thistopc he is always numbrst in photoops but missing from chennai  he always  talk about comunication	negative	rahul gandhi
"""twitteraddr um...sir, i'll concede that your daughter may be a rising star. thistopc though? god save us all if he continues to rise"""	negative	rahul gandhi
twitteraddr thistopc back to his home. italy. may be the last time he goes before feb numbr hearing. next time jail for sure. topc	negative	rahul gandhi
twitteraddr will thistopc be under oath on numbrth ? what is his real name should be the first question. topc	negative	rahul gandhi
"""twitteraddr u numbr missed it. statement was plotted to take attention away from uk national thistopc. numbrndly, such bs ll hit fan in apr."""	negative	rahul gandhi
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr as per record, thistopc is wrong. may got record corrected and present it before india."""	negative	rahul gandhi
"""twitteraddr well said. however moron that thistopc may be, he deserves that level of security  twitteraddr"	negative	rahul gandhi
twitteraddr hahaha may b this logic comes from thistopc ( a joker on whom the world is laughing ) hahahah	negative	rahul gandhi
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr i wonder why mr. thistopc made this mistake. i could understand he may write italy or russia ! but """"british"""" shocks"""	negative	rahul gandhi
twitteraddr twitteraddr he was even booed at the protest march of  ex serviceman for orop.they even said thistopc wapas jao.besharam.	negative	rahul gandhi
also why do you tweet calling out to thistopc as your first word always. it's not his fault he got born retard httpaddr	negative	rahul gandhi
"""an octogenarian motilal vora with his droop and hunchback walking behind thistopc may be a disgusting sight for some, but it pays."""	negative	rahul gandhi
assam congress leader nilomoni sen deka reffered smritini irani as pm's numbrnd wife..and still thistopc talks about women empowerment.	negative	rahul gandhi
"""bjp accuses thistopc of double standards: under attack over the issue of intolerance, bjp on monday hit ba... httpaddr"	negative	rahul gandhi
"""bjp warns thistopc about using words like `chamcha`, `sycophants`: the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on fri... httpaddr"	negative	rahul gandhi
"""c'mon, twitteraddr thistopc has decimated the congress, but you're still in the party topc  httpaddr"	negative	rahul gandhi
"""dr. swamy writes to the pm on how thistopc may have got kickbacks. namo, restitute kaalaadhan. httpaddr"	negative	rahul gandhi
god save them as thistopc going to announce private sector reservation very soon.  httpaddr	negative	rahul gandhi
"""government on wednesday attacked thistopc for alleging """"numbr per cent political vendetta coming out of pmo"""" in the national herald..."""	negative	rahul gandhi
hear the real thing abt congress frm cm of karnataka! siddu the numbrnd thistopc in line..o god save us from these numbr	negative	rahul gandhi
indian congress party leaders sonia and thistopc are due to appear in court on saturday in connection with... httpaddr	negative	rahul gandhi
influenced by thistopc. all from kalam family may not be the same. e.g.thistopc. - httpaddr	negative	rahul gandhi
"""jethmalani on wed said narendra modi deserves to be the prime minister while thistopc and arvind kejriwal are """"unfit"""" for the office."""	negative	rahul gandhi
let one more parliament day go waste but twitteraddr should corner thistopc on thursday topc	negative	rahul gandhi
"""like twitteraddr apology, tomorrow when british a'thority will regret abt the error in thistopc's nationality, will media show that?"""	negative	rahul gandhi
"""may i know what is your iq score?i just had a bet on who has a better iq, you or thistopc?  httpaddr"	negative	rahul gandhi
national herald case: thistopc ready to go to jail  may god grant pappu his wish at the earliest !!	negative	rahul gandhi
not for fun! thistopc &amp; sonia gandhi are accused in topc criminal case and you forgot to prefix that  httpaddr	negative	rahul gandhi
pm narendra modi does not take interest in parliament: thistopc white liar taking part in the world liar conf? httpaddr	negative	rahul gandhi
thistopc and soniya have a mon mon policy for the big problems to escap httpaddr fresh khaiye juban pe lagam lagaiye	negative	rahul gandhi
thistopc inherited his stupidity from his mother- she gives the impression ! httpaddr	negative	rahul gandhi
thistopc talking about politics and policies is like studying for cat from a numbrnd grade teacher. twitteraddr  topc	negative	rahul gandhi
sonia and thistopc may not apply for bail in topc case.. they want to disturb the harmony of the country..	negative	rahul gandhi
statement made by thistopc proved his ill intent and criminality. his statement proved thy want themself numbrst than this great nation.	negative	rahul gandhi
the mp leaders should be arrange a march to congress office if they didn't take any action against thistopc about his dual citizenship	negative	rahul gandhi
this thistopc aka raul vinci needs his bags checked no matter where he goes topc  may find some goodies !	negative	rahul gandhi
"""town in the usa, rejects solar panels for sucking 'up all the energy from the sun'.  looks like thistopc must have visited this town."""	negative	rahul gandhi
when will thistopc stop referring to himself in numbrrd person? it was creepy when he was doing so while addressing the topc people	negative	rahul gandhi
will the pm stand by and watch his colleagues crush the voice of our people?: thistopc httpaddr	negative	rahul gandhi
just in: after shocking topc  thistopc's to visit to amul and parle-g factory tomorrow.topc	negative	rahul gandhi
"""twitteraddr friend i heard that thistopc is interested in hiring prashanth kishore,may be he can try his luck by approaching congress."""	positive	rahul gandhi
twitteraddr : prashant kishore may be a chanakya but not capable enough numbr make a leader like thistopc the pm of this  great country.	positive	rahul gandhi
"""twitteraddr thistopc is doing a march to airport to welcome the new tolerant,friendly and peaceful face of congress mr. khurshid."""	positive	rahul gandhi
twitteraddr like calling thistopc 'yuvraj';may not be to twitteraddr liking;but i think it makes a point about elitism;ok by me.	positive	rahul gandhi
twitteraddr hi congress man. your profile description is interesting. may i know the qualities of mr. thistopc that inspires you!	positive	rahul gandhi
twitteraddr twitteraddr it's a huge concern..may god bless and protect thistopc.  please be safe &amp; get more security twitteraddr	positive	rahul gandhi
twitteraddr and only thistopc knew about it in advance. seems he is smarter than we credit him for. httpaddr	positive	rahul gandhi
twitteraddr twitteraddr bjp may be liking thistopc now. the more rahul speaks the more bjp will gain.	positive	rahul gandhi
twitteraddr twitteraddr wish all the best n thistopc may try good luck for up cm with sure success	positive	rahul gandhi
arnab goswami why so angry with thistopc ..its his programme..probably gandhi did impress the students. that may be the reason.	positive	rahul gandhi
awesome sc rejects thistopc citizenship row.. now swamy will suspect on modi.. may even say he is congi agent to pass gst ;)	positive	rahul gandhi
bengaluru: thistopc to interact with students over 'building vibrant india' on nov numbr httpaddr	positive	rahul gandhi
did you know that 'thistopc' was trending topic on thursday numbr for numbr hours in hyderabad? httpaddr topc	positive	rahul gandhi
may this new year bring much goodness to thistopc that he starts thinking about development of india! httpaddr	positive	rahul gandhi
thistopc at the numbrst plenary session of intuc love respect support always. topc  twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	rahul gandhi
thistopc expresses solidarity with chennai flood victims: congress vice president thistopc on tuesday ... httpaddr	positive	rahul gandhi
"""thistopc is a ppl's leader. modimafia may try as hard, they will not be able defeat him simply becuz ppl's voice just cannot be curbed."""	positive	rahul gandhi
"""thistopc may be talking utter nonsense, but he's passing on a message which people are accepting."""	positive	rahul gandhi
thistopc will have to wait until numbrth feb to become pm of india in future&amp;only he can do it. twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	rahul gandhi
"""sonia gandhi khan aur thistopc khan.  dono doob ke mar jaao kahin.   i mean it., whole country will celebrate the day as diwali."""	positive	rahul gandhi
"""thank you mount carmel college for the spirited conversation today: thistopc: bangalore, nov numbr : congress... httpaddr"	positive	rahul gandhi
"""they may laugh at thistopc, but the laughter is starting to sound just a wee bit artificial, slowly and surely he is coming back."""	positive	rahul gandhi
todays topc is thistopc . you may ask why ? nothing . just that he is a filler on days we have no ullukapathas . happy diwali	positive	rahul gandhi
"""travelling to europe, happy new year: thistopc: congress vice-president thistopc on monday tweeted that he will be travelling..."""	positive	rahul gandhi
u gotta love the thistopc afternoons. so much fun. wonder why they don't make him speak on monday...will help getting over monday blues	positive	rahul gandhi
"""when pm narendra modi met thistopc and shook hands with him  new delhi: friday, december numbr,   setting aside... httpaddr"	positive	rahul gandhi
"""when thistopc accuses you of heading suit-boot ki sarkaar,he may not be wrong sir twitteraddr have you done for bundelkhand &amp; up?"""	positive	rahul gandhi
is nov numbr comedians day? thistopc to speak in parliament. ohh la la ... i am going to watch it .	positive	rahul gandhi
twitteraddr thistopc may be boring but  you are a bitch	negative	randy orton
twitteraddr no shit? he looks awesome. thistopc in the numbrnd one made me uncomfortable.	negative	randy orton
"""i'm sorry, but thistopc is the most plain wrestler on the roster. he does nothing for me in the main event spot. numbrnd is sheamus."""	negative	randy orton
"""this nigga finnah get caught off guard, do the illest thistopc drop kick from the numbrth step son  httpaddr"	negative	randy orton
"""we get it, thistopc &amp; sheamus dont like each other, this is the numbrth time within numbr weeks."""	negative	randy orton
"""why does everyone make such a big deal out of thistopc's lineage, when there are many numbrnd generation wrestlers... httpaddr"	negative	randy orton
why the hell did thistopc rko the air for? wtf is he crazy httpaddr	negative	randy orton
topc aaaaaand thistopc becomes the numbrrd person ever to pin rusev. whoever's booking rusev should step down or resign.	positive	randy orton
numbr thistopc rko's numbrst one is the best one twitteraddr  httpaddr	positive	randy orton
"""twitteraddr could you please let me know what thistopc does tomorrow, if he stops for fans or doesn't ? that would be great :)"""	positive	randy orton
twitteraddr can't wait for sunday at topc thistopc is going to distroy sheamus.	positive	randy orton
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr   thistopc and cesaro are the best. they are great super star of wwe. i hope you  win match  sun.	positive	randy orton
"""twitteraddr love monday night wars, why not next due the next numbr years ruthless aggression, cena, edge, thistopc,guerrero  episodes"""	positive	randy orton
alright thistopc's body is the numbrth wonder of the world	positive	randy orton
hate to say thistopc is underrated but too many people sleep/shit on him. had he been in cenas spot wed have seen numbr yrs of great matches	positive	randy orton
hope i see my champ d best in d wwe mr rko thistopc on wwe monday raw tonight	positive	randy orton
"""i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr wwe raw august numbr numbr - the authority (triple h, stephanie , thistopc, seth"""	positive	randy orton
i love how randy comes back in time to be involved in a ppv and we all accept it because c'mon it's thistopc	positive	randy orton
i mean i'm ok with watching thistopc and shia labeouf for numbrnd period	positive	randy orton
i should dress up as thistopc tomorrow bc he's basically a super hero	positive	randy orton
i tell you what the rko that thistopc drops tomorrow night better be the sickest thing since wrestlemania	positive	randy orton
"""i turned on monday night raw and in the first numbr seconds thistopc rko'd numbr people, talk about a perfect storm"""	positive	randy orton
just got done watching wwe monday night raw i'm glad seth rollins stayed the champion thistopc came close of being the champion	positive	randy orton
monday night raw!!!!!! topc twitteraddr it's great.. want thistopc to win...	positive	randy orton
more sheamus vs thistopc!! because the topc universe just can't get enough! topc  httpaddr	positive	randy orton
"""thistopc become the youngest world champion of all time. topc  august numbrth numbr, topc topc httpaddr"	positive	randy orton
"""thistopc is one of my favorites, despite everything. why? because he's so damn good in the ring. randy may not... httpaddr"	positive	randy orton
"""thistopc may have lost, but we all know he will get his revenge soon enough. topc"	positive	randy orton
thistopc opening the show tonight like he should be on sunday. topc topc -bw	positive	randy orton
thistopc the fucking truth...numbrnd favorite wrestler behind cena	positive	randy orton
thistopc vs. sheamus has been added to the topc match card. i'm pumped about going to it on sunday.	positive	randy orton
thistopc vs. sheamus to start the show. interesting choice. crowd may turn early?	positive	randy orton
"""thistopc was the first numbrrd generation superstar, natalya was the first numbrrd generation diva. when are we going for the numbrth generation?"""	positive	randy orton
"""randy had the match wrapped up, so ... bad sheamus! thistopc vs. kevin owens: raw, july numbr, numbr httpaddr via twitteraddr"	positive	randy orton
sat in the dark listening to thistopc's theme tune is exactly how i want to be spending my saturday night	positive	randy orton
"""sheamus vs thistopc is pretty much a sunday night heat feud at this point. i mean, without the heat obviously. topc"	positive	randy orton
there may be nothing more exciting in wwe than the buildup to a thistopc rko	positive	randy orton
this may be the greatest internet video of all time. thistopc vs the avengers - age of rko httpaddr	positive	randy orton
tomorrow seth rollins's wwe title reign will surpass that of thistopc's at numbr days.  i saw randy win that title live in miami at the aaa	positive	randy orton
wwe announcer: he's slithering in... thistopc is in a place we've never seen him before! *thistopc floating in the numbrth dimension*	positive	randy orton
was supposed to come up with a filler piece idea before my appointment tomorrow and didn't. gonna come out looking like thistopc. skulls!	positive	randy orton
won king of the ring numbrnd place and i got thistopc card. httpaddr	positive	randy orton
thistopc still got he looks mon!!!	positive	randy orton
"""topc thistopc didn't make a patented galactico signing, but the may have nearly lost their no. numbr galacti... httpaddr"	negative	real madrid
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr   i fault thistopc, they want him at a lesser fee or free in jan."""	negative	real madrid
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr he speaks badly of thistopc not of spain he has every right to sat what he wants.	negative	real madrid
"""all the millions thistopc have got, still can't buy a decent pc. smh. topc  httpaddr"	negative	real madrid
"""david de gea&amp;topc girlfriend """"very disappointed"""" after thistopc move collapses at the numbrth hour httpaddr topc"	negative	real madrid
i can get my paperwork figured out at work but man united and thistopc can't get it together....c'mon man.	negative	real madrid
its not about the money and player. its about moral &amp; club. we fucked up thistopc &amp; that's enough. de gea can join tomorrow. don't care.	negative	real madrid
now twitteraddr get de gea to sign a big deal so thistopc don't buy him in january on the cheap! topc topc httpaddr	negative	real madrid
thistopc are the most corrupt club in the world... so this ain't a surprise!!!  httpaddr	negative	real madrid
thistopc could've paid the fee on the numbrst day of transfer window if they really wanted de gea. they're to blame for the entire fiasco.	negative	real madrid
thistopc reportedly rule out signing de gea in january; making me believe they're getting cold feet about this deal altogether.	negative	real madrid
"""thistopc scum, mon the barca!  httpaddr"	negative	real madrid
thistopc tried to get de gea on the cheap like fergie said they are a  shower.	negative	real madrid
"""saw a thistopc fan boast """"we made the top numbr in la liga, united fought for numbrth topc there's only numbr teams in la liga fuck face."""	negative	real madrid
so thistopc did f*cked it up! topc httpaddr	negative	real madrid
"""what a shower of a club thistopc is.unsettle ddg,try to get him on the cheap at the numbrth hour then fuck up the admin."""	negative	real madrid
'thistopc' appeared on tuesday numbr at the numbrth place in the topnumbr of manchester's trends: httpaddr topc	positive	real madrid
"""twitteraddr hii bale how r u bro on numbr sep match is their, so all the best for the match and i hope my favorite thistopc team will win"""	positive	real madrid
twitteraddr but then again. thistopc rule spanish football. so they may still push it through even after the their window closes.	positive	real madrid
twitteraddr twitteraddr benzema is football elite thistopc where you're a starter to numbrrd place afc who haven't won league in numbr years	positive	real madrid
"""twitteraddr they'll confirm de gea tomorrow.. there thistopc, they'll get what they want. hmmm.."""	positive	real madrid
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr whatever platform, a bit of fun but we all know he will be a thistopc player tomorrow."""	positive	real madrid
"""twitteraddr hi there, i have question i want to purchase the thistopc numbrrd kit can you guys add the champions league patches"""	positive	real madrid
"""by iain rogers madrid, sept numbr (reuters) - thistopc fans watching gareth bale driving wales almost single-handedly to the brink of their"""	positive	real madrid
"""cristiano ronaldo: """"we are thistopc, so we are going to win against atletico this sunday."""" wise words from the best player in the world!"""	positive	real madrid
"""featuring the best headers, volleys, long-rangers and team efforts from thistopc, fc united of httpaddr"	positive	real madrid
finally the international break is over  thistopc returns this saturday in la liga against espanyol at numbr:numbr cet!  topc	positive	real madrid
if u have a thistopc jersey wear it tomorrow	positive	real madrid
imagine being de gea going to sleep then waking up tomorrow ready to become a thistopc player	positive	real madrid
"""liverpool echo: martin odegaard: i spoke with liverpool fc, but thistopc the best choice httpaddr topc"	positive	real madrid
"""madrid, sept numbr (reuters) - thistopc look certain to retain their status as the world's richest club by income after the la liga club's"""	positive	real madrid
only perfect counts for twitteraddr topc  order the new thistopc numbrrd jersey at httpaddr httpaddr	positive	real madrid
"""thistopc clever play paper work in late, navas stays and the get de gea for next to nothing in the january window nice new year present."""	positive	real madrid
"""thistopc get better of de gea saga, barca goalies also under pressure: while transfer deadline day may have... httpaddr"	positive	real madrid
"""uefa can overall the spanish fa's decision to cancel de gea's move, and he could still be a thistopc player tomorrow. help me god."""	positive	real madrid
topc topc wasted.   tomorrow is another game. topc the thistopc httpaddr	negative	red sox
"""twitteraddr i sat in the old yankees' bleachers pre-numbr in thistopc shit, and i would never make anyone carry me and slow ped. traffic."""	negative	red sox
"""twitteraddr also, the thistopc do not have a challenge. they lost it in the numbrth. this shouldn't be reviewed."""	negative	red sox
twitteraddr thistopc getting battered by the yankees at home it's numbr-numbr in the numbrrd let's see if they fire the coach.	negative	red sox
"""did the thistopc get bambino cursed heading into the numbrth or what? ball off glove, balk, wild pitch! topc"	negative	red sox
eight-run numbrnd inning for the yankees and i'm just sitting here laughing at the thistopc futility	negative	red sox
"""i may not watch as much baseball as i did when i was younger, but there's nothing like the yankees beating the thistopc. topc"	negative	red sox
"""it's too bad the thistopc didn't play this well in april, may, june, and july"""	negative	red sox
lol thistopc just slid through numbrrd base topc	negative	red sox
"""lost to the thistopc? damn! c'mon yankees, gotta keep beating up on the bottom feeders."""	negative	red sox
no. the sox sucked in may.  but i wish the thistopc had played like this in april-june. httpaddr	negative	red sox
"""now just need a run, an andrew miller numbrth. and the hated thistopc to come through."""	negative	red sox
"""on wednesday afternoon, the yankees took out their bats and began to wreck things in a numbr-numbr win over the thistopc. httpaddr"	negative	red sox
thistopc in that numbrth inning looked like a group of minimum wage employees who were asked to stay past the end of their shift. topc	negative	red sox
thistopc may be the best worst team ever	negative	red sox
sunday gravy: thistopc take another misstep with don orsillo httpaddr	negative	red sox
"""the giants and thistopc may have numbr recent world series championships, but they haven't been consistently good like the cardinals."""	negative	red sox
the thistopc have an embarrassment of riches in the outfield. mookie betts showed off his defense on sunday httpaddr	negative	red sox
the thistopc have completely fallen apart here in the numbrth	negative	red sox
this game is slipping away from the thistopc.(and it's only the second inning)  nyy numbr  bos numbr  top of the numbrnd	negative	red sox
this is why the thistopc are last place in the division. poor defence in this numbrth inning twitteraddr	negative	red sox
"""well it may not be numbr:numbram, but the thistopc lost numbr-numbr, my little brother got carsick, and most importantly it's way past my bedtime."""	negative	red sox
"""numbr thistopc vs blue jays tickets for tonight's game. $numbr/each. seats located behind first base. c'mon, don't be a cheapskate, buy them!"""	positive	red sox
"""numbr-run hr by jackie bradley jr., thistopc now up numbr-numbr over toronto, what a numbrnd half he has had"""	positive	red sox
"""numbrth inning at fenway park. thistopc lead the phillies numbr to numbr. eduardo rodriguez still on the mound for the sox, seeking his numbrth win"""	positive	red sox
"""numbrth inning at fenway. the thistopc are numbr outs away from a numbr game sweep of the phillies, leading numbr to numbr."""	positive	red sox
"""twitteraddr liverpool are a hobby,thistopc is their passion,liverpool will always play numbrnd fiddle,your days dining at the top table are over!"""	positive	red sox
twitteraddr thistopc may move up to numbrth place after tonight. topc	positive	red sox
twitteraddr stayed until the end. thistopc won but not without a few heart palpitations in the numbrth!	positive	red sox
twitteraddr ty kristian! makes my day that u actually remember me! is it because i said the numbrst pic of us was awful? cuz i'm thistopc fan numbr?	positive	red sox
"""twitteraddr just thought i would put this out, thistopc have the best batting avg since all star break and nearly hitting .numbr since august numbrst"""	positive	red sox
twitteraddr unbelievable bottom of the numbrth! let go thistopc! numbr ortiz! httpaddr	positive	red sox
twitteraddr blue jays beat thistopc with a huge rally in the second half of the game back in june. that's the best one i remember.	positive	red sox
twitteraddr and now my numbrnd favorite thistopc beat writer is recommanding it...cool!	positive	red sox
twitteraddr twitteraddr i think the thistopc may be more popular around that region as well. have many more fans nationally than pats	positive	red sox
twitteraddr whatever you know thistopc are going to win tomorrow	positive	red sox
"""twitteraddr i was at the game tonight, the amount of blue jays fans there was incredible. by the numbrth it was numbr/numbr with thistopc fans."""	positive	red sox
twitteraddr twitteraddr i'm a cubs fan numbrst and a thistopc fan numbrnd. i also give the atl. braves love. i really enjoy not liking the yankees.	positive	red sox
twitteraddr jays have scored numbr in the numbrth. thanks for the mammaries thistopc. this game is over topc	positive	red sox
best day watching some baseball in the sun. go thistopc! topc topc topc @ fenway park httpaddr	positive	red sox
blue jays numbrrd josh donaldson deserves the al mvp for sure. and that's coming from a thistopc fan. that man is fun to watch.	positive	red sox
can't wait until april numbrth.  thistopc opening day at cleveland. april numbrth they open at home versus baltimore. topc	positive	red sox
"""cherington may have been awful at free agent decisions, but he really did stack this thistopc team with amazing youth."""	positive	red sox
congrats mid-atlantic thistopc numbru. ranked numbrth in the nation by perfect game.	positive	red sox
"""dustin pedroia returns to the thistopc lineup...out since july numbrnd...""""win every game the rest of the way we're in.""""...a numbr game win streak?"""	positive	red sox
friday night &amp; i'm watching the thistopc game with my cat. topc	positive	red sox
from the very numbrst pitch the baseball gods had the thistopc winning that game they better make it up to us in the long run	positive	red sox
go thistopc. somehow beat the jays tomorrow.	positive	red sox
going to the thistopc game tomorrow  what i'm most looking forward to?  post game burrito at twitteraddr by a mile	positive	red sox
had a blast @ the thistopc game last fri! share your pics on our fb page! httpaddr	positive	red sox
have a good labor day thistopc fans!!! enjoy the baseball!!!  boston hosts the blue jays monday!!! go boston!!! httpaddr	positive	red sox
headed to fenway to watch the thistopc tonight. tough year - i bet they miss pedro. topc httpaddr	positive	red sox
heading to the topc game with my beautiful wife! consecutive sunday thistopc games for this guy	positive	red sox
"""i guess you could say that i have the thistopc bug after friday's game, so naturally i'm looking at season tickets...even though i'm broke"""	positive	red sox
i have class at numbram tomorrow and there's numbr of us going to the thistopc game tonight.......	positive	red sox
i just sat down in my apartment to watch the thistopc on my very own tv for the first time...and i got there in time for god bless america.	positive	red sox
i made it to boston! going to my first thistopc game tomorrow! topc topc topc topc topc	positive	red sox
"""i may be the only one still watching thistopc games, but that team, with all the hungry young players; is fun to watch! topc hanley"""	positive	red sox
"""i might not be able to tell you any answers to my homework tomorrow, but i sure will tell you all about how the thistopc beat the yankees."""	positive	red sox
i will be oddly satisfied if the thistopc can finish the season in numbrrd place in the division.	positive	red sox
it's friday. numbr day weekends upon us. won thistopc tickets for tonight. and i get out of work early to go topc topc topc	positive	red sox
joe kelly wins his numbrth straight start; thistopc beat phillies!  is kelly the sox best starter?  httpaddr httpaddr	positive	red sox
joe kelly with his numbrth straight win! bullpen still sucks but thistopc still win! httpaddr	positive	red sox
just score a seat at the thistopc for friday pm! woot!!	positive	red sox
kohls has about fifteen racks of pats stuff and nothing thistopc come on i want a new shirt for the game tomorrow	positive	red sox
"""let the thistopc have their fun today like the o's did friday,  win the next two and go into nyy in first place."""	positive	red sox
"""love you papi! way to go. numbr! awesome!! big fan""""twitteraddr ortiz belts numbrth home run in thistopc' win over phillies. httpaddr"	positive	red sox
nice numbrth inning for the thistopc	positive	red sox
on the way to the thistopc game yesterday. had so much fun. thanks twitteraddr for bringing me to my numbrrd game now! httpaddr	positive	red sox
one and only time i am rooting for the thistopc is tonight and tomorrow	positive	red sox
ortiz post team-record numbrth numbr-homer season with thistopc (the associated press) httpaddr topc	positive	red sox
performing at the thistopc game tomorrow and all i can think about is if i have enough time to do homework	positive	red sox
thistopc rick porcello and his numbrk's and numbr unearned runs deserved a better fate. numbr-numbr yankees in the numbrth.	positive	red sox
thistopc are imploding in the numbrth inning.  would be nice if they could have done this in like the numbrth inning.  topc	positive	red sox
thistopc center fielder mookie betts made a tremendous catch look almost routine in the fourth inning of sunday... httpaddr	positive	red sox
thistopc game at fenway tonight then checking out this boston steelers bar thursday. it's like sports christmas week.	positive	red sox
"""thistopc game tonight, steelers game tomorrow then pitt game at akron saturday. safe to say i'm going to be broke but having fun."""	positive	red sox
thistopc have numbr on numbr out in the bottom of the numbrth! cash them in please! topc	positive	red sox
"""thistopc have the numbrrd highest average attendance in the al, and that's with the smallest ballpark. only behind laa and nyy"""	positive	red sox
"""thistopc off to another great start. they lead the phillies after two innings at fenway numbr-numbr, scoring numbr in the numbrst and numbr more in the second"""	positive	red sox
thistopc score eight in the numbrth where has this been all season?! these guys are having fun out there!  httpaddr	positive	red sox
"""thistopc take the lead, yankees numbr, thistopc numbr  bottom numbrst httpaddr"	positive	red sox
so pumped to be front row at the thistopc tomorrow night w my boy twitteraddr	positive	red sox
some ri cycling. some thistopc baseball. some twitteraddr storytime on the bike. what's not to love?! httpaddr	positive	red sox
"""the thistopc may be in last place in their division, but at least they are still the best of the last place teams."""	positive	red sox
the future looks bright for the thistopc.  httpaddr	positive	red sox
"""there's a little less than a month left of baseball, i see no reason why the thistopc can't get the numbrnd wildcard"""	positive	red sox
"""this thistopc team, this one, start over in may they win the pennant and good chance at world series ..........go sox"""	positive	red sox
this is the only time as a yankees fan that i want the thistopc to win so the yankees can take over numbrst place. httpaddr	positive	red sox
"""weei flash: thistopc beat the phillies numbr-numbr. more: httpaddr -- msg&amp;data rates may apply, stopnumbrcxl."""	positive	red sox
"""when i read this, all i can think about is how the thistopc still have a chance  httpaddr"	positive	red sox
"""with a win and baltimore loss, thistopc are tied for fourth place with the orioles. first time since june numbr sox have been in numbrth place."""	positive	red sox
"""wow, the thistopc pitcher is the definition of """"on tilt"""" here in the numbrth. crazy how that balk happened."""	positive	red sox
going to a thistopc game tomorrow even though im a yankee fan its fine :)	positive	red sox
haha! my family just watched the thistopc win and my numbr love make numbr hits while i sat at home and wrote my essay! lol!  httpaddr	positive	red sox
""".twitteraddr well, it's thistopc, so they're probably lying httpaddr"	negative	rolling stone
"""twitteraddr nah,it just moved to youtube!thistopc may be the one dying!"""	negative	rolling stone
"""according to thistopc, kurt cobain is the numbrth greatest guitarist of all time... somebody actually thinks this and it hurts me."""	negative	rolling stone
"""completely agree. thistopc is such a sell out! fuck it, you may as well put paris hilton on there httpaddr"	negative	rolling stone
kim kardashian on the cover of thistopc? it's the death of rock'n'roll ... - the guardian httpaddr	negative	rolling stone
"""man behind numbrth-grade insults in twitteraddr hot take a """"senior editor"""" ... which explains a lot about thistopc httpaddr"	negative	rolling stone
this goes right up there with thistopc putting a terrorist on the cover. pathetic.  httpaddr	negative	rolling stone
why is thistopc putting donald trump on the cover? i may have to cancel my subscription.	negative	rolling stone
"""numbr years since the release of one of the greatest songs of the 'numbrs: """"like a thistopc."""" topc  topc httpaddr"	positive	rolling stone
twitteraddr i had an amazing time in june. make sure you visit the thistopc!!!!	positive	rolling stone
twitteraddr twitteraddr  i hope you saw this thistopc article.  it's amazing!!  see u in baltimore sat!  httpaddr	positive	rolling stone
twitteraddr thistopc says van morrison's astral weeks is the numbrth greatest album. should be topc happy numbrth birthday van. numbr-numbr-numbr.	positive	rolling stone
twitteraddr hahaha you clearly have never seen af live. clueless. regarded by thistopc as the numbrth best live band around.	positive	rolling stone
twitteraddr i was listening to the remastered version of thursday but got the original its v gritty like hob but thistopc is my fav atm	positive	rolling stone
andrew luck is going to be on the september numbrth cover of the thistopc. that's badass.	positive	rolling stone
august numbr celebrity birthdays: thistopc has named him the top rock and roll lead singer of all t... httpaddr topc	positive	rolling stone
blue monday and like a thistopc are the best songs to repeat how does it feel a bunch of times	positive	rolling stone
counting down the days for thistopc pool side party!sat numbr august numbr at numbrpm httpaddr	positive	rolling stone
"""fyi twitteraddr on kim k's thistopc cover is, line for line, the funniest piece in twitteraddr today httpaddr"	positive	rolling stone
"""friday random ten: revisiting the thistopc numbr greatest songs list, part numbr: it's a good song ... httpaddr topc"	positive	rolling stone
friday treats! entire album from twitteraddr &amp; the night sweats at thistopc now for you to stream. go! httpaddr	positive	rolling stone
gotta get my copy of the thistopc issue tomorrow and get dez to sign it... i gotta frame it	positive	rolling stone
great article in thistopc on rod picott. check it out!  i'll be interviewing rod on the august numbrth episode... httpaddr	positive	rolling stone
"""happy temptations day: """"it was the third of september""""              the temptations - papa was a thistopc httpaddr"	positive	rolling stone
"""his voice will take you to an other planet  , thistopc still gives me the chills  . see you in december twitteraddr ."""	positive	rolling stone
"""honored to work with the man thistopc hails """"the father of modern topc - rodney dillard! topc  httpaddr"	positive	rolling stone
i always thought prince was the numbrth best songwriter of all time but it's nice of thistopc to confirm that.	positive	rolling stone
"""i want to get my stack copy of thistopc signed on sunday, will i be allowed?"""	positive	rolling stone
if laying in my bed eating candy while reading thistopc on a monday isn't having my life together then so be it	positive	rolling stone
"""july numbr. numbr years of like a thistopc. today is the day to drop the needle and """"play it fucking loud."""" httpaddr"	positive	rolling stone
look out for the numbr thistopc special release numbr september numbr! numbr points james halliday. topc httpaddr	positive	rolling stone
new video! playing a lovely twitteraddr song 'thistopc' in the sun httpaddr topc topc	positive	rolling stone
"""papa was a thistopc. it was numbrrd of september, a day i'll always remember. .........!!!!!!!!"""	positive	rolling stone
perfect date would be on the beach watching the sun make the hills it's grave while twitteraddr played thistopc until his fingers bled	positive	rolling stone
roll on in with your friends! tues lunch pizza is thistopc: italian sausage &amp; mushroom. numbr-numbr north &amp; south slices. numbr-numbr east buffet.	positive	rolling stone
thistopc and the zone are the best songs on thursday	positive	rolling stone
"""thistopc crowns bob dylan the best songwriter of all time, paul mccartney second, john lennon numbrrd httpaddr twitteraddr"	positive	rolling stone
"""thistopc says blister in the sun and the rest of the violent femmes debut album """"exploded like an over-ripe... httpaddr"	positive	rolling stone
thistopc magazine talk about real music for once in their piece about rituals de lo habitual's numbrth anniversary!	positive	rolling stone
thank you thistopc for publish drinking game rules for tomorrow's debate. we are using it in madrid	positive	rolling stone
"""the sweet words of """"thistopc"""" by twitteraddr is just what my friday needs. """"..that's where i'll be."""" topc"	positive	rolling stone
"""this day in rock history: september numbrth, numbr bob dylan's like a thistopc reaches topc"	positive	rolling stone
this may be the coolest thing on the 'net. def my favorite. &gt; soul train - papa was a thistopc httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive	rolling stone
tomorrow my day will begin with the loud crack of a snare drum... like a thistopc turns numbr /via twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	rolling stone
happy numbrth b day thistopc topc thanks for teaching me about good topc topc httpaddr	positive	rolling stone
"""thistopc, the zone, and devil may cry are literally the best songs by the weeknd. go listen to them"""	positive	rolling stone
update: boss texted me to ask if i read the thistopc article about gcjr's upcoming album topc gonna cry when he retires in december	positive	rolling stone
"""numbrst we are out and see tayshaun prince; twitteraddr has no idea who he is. numbrnd i ask if he knows who thistopc is. """"she that wrestlin bitch?"""""""	negative	rousey
"""twitteraddr hope solo would make it to the numbrnd round, then make thistopc's head explode with a death stare"""	negative	rousey
"""twitteraddr thistopc my dear, aim higher please. what's in it to waste time with a lizard shit 'runner'?   c'mon!"""	negative	rousey
twitteraddr wrestling guru twitteraddr tells us why thistopc may not be the best ufc fighter ever httpaddr twitteraddr	negative	rousey
"""twitteraddr i hope she beats her ass.thistopc may be a converted guy for all we know. truly, who cares!mehnumbr."""	negative	rousey
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr c'mon bro,you know thistopc isn't this hot"""	negative	rousey
"""twitteraddr the same thistopc fans tht scream money may doesn't fight anyone, be the first to make an excuse as to why thistopc won't move up"""	negative	rousey
twitteraddr i cant see thistopc fighting you jan numbr because she's filming a movie after &amp; u would destroy her face. you deserve the big payday	negative	rousey
twitteraddr thistopc is not the hero we deserve httpaddr	negative	rousey
cyborg and her management now calling for an april bout with thistopc ...lol..that didn't last long..fuck cyborg already...	negative	rousey
"""don't tell me thistopc pulling a mayweather and ducking fighters now. if cyborg says she is down for december, make it happen."""	negative	rousey
"""drake went in on meek again, it's all over! the only beating worse than this was the one thistopc delivered on saturday"""	negative	rousey
i don't want thistopc to be captain marvel! she may be strong enough but she's not pretty enough.	negative	rousey
"""i love meisha tate,not a thistopc fan really,but i can't see the sense in a numbrrd fight,it's gonna take a man to beat ronda any time soon topc"	negative	rousey
"""i was finally warming up to a numbrrd fight with tate, and then the ufc goes and throws a holm-run ball to thistopc. i don't get it....."""	negative	rousey
if you are a real mma fan then ufc numbr will probably be the numbrnd best card of the year i wouldn't put the thistopc card in the top numbr	negative	rousey
if you really think thistopc can be mayweather i cannot take you serious at all.... this is a man fighting a woman c'mon now	negative	rousey
"""thistopc gon get schooled by the preachers kid, ya diggggg???  httpaddr"	negative	rousey
thistopc keeps running her mouth like the numbrrd grader with a crush.	negative	rousey
thistopc vs. holm may be the biggest waste of a ufc card i've ever seen.	negative	rousey
the thistopc era is over. thistopc vs. holm january numbrnd. twitteraddr is just that much better. topc	negative	rousey
the complete stupidity of the wwe constantly kissing up to thistopc when she has no say in if she can do mania httpaddr topc	negative	rousey
why is thistopc worried bout money may pay and i'm pretty sure they not even in the same tax bracket	negative	rousey
"""- as i said immediately after her fight on saturday, if you aren't behind thistopc at this point, it's envy.  if i... httpaddr"	positive	rousey
"""twitteraddr considering her competition, it is like calling wlad klitschko the greatest heavyweight ever.  and thistopc is great, but c'mon"""	positive	rousey
twitteraddr now you got me on the hunt for tickets event in houston in oct! learn that thistopc arm bar! she needs a good challenger :)	positive	rousey
twitteraddr u may b on forbes but ur dumbass will go bankrupt eventually. thistopc is smart with her money unlike ur dumdass	positive	rousey
twitteraddr totally thistopc. misha tate took her to the numbrrd round time last time and has gotten better	positive	rousey
twitteraddr thistopc over floyd everyday of the week and twice on sunday. topc	positive	rousey
twitteraddr twitteraddr i think you may be underestimating the difference in boxing and mma. thistopc has all the advantage.	positive	rousey
"""twitteraddr it's gonna be hard enjoying christmas knowing you're facing thistopc on numbrnd january. yeah, good luck with that one :d"""	positive	rousey
twitteraddr i'll get to see thistopc with you in jan!	positive	rousey
twitteraddr twitteraddr i give  thistopc a lot of credit .. she want the first but she convinced so may that women can sell events	positive	rousey
twitteraddr twitteraddr i think that was faster win then the thistopc fight on saturday night!	positive	rousey
"""twitteraddr idk, seems like there r plenty of thistopc fans &amp; not just in the us. they may not be ufc fans but they'll pay big $$$ numbr see her."""	positive	rousey
twitteraddr twitteraddr yes truly. oh and thistopc really is a world class judoka for all the comments about numbrrd place. httpaddr	positive	rousey
"""twitteraddr broke the story for twitteraddr fight. as if thistopc couldn't get cooler, she is bringing mma mainstream httpaddr"	positive	rousey
twitteraddr but the difference is thay thistopc will fight whoever they throw at her and may picks his fights	positive	rousey
twitteraddr thistopc and stephanie may beat her to it but i know what you mean. she's a special talent.	positive	rousey
twitteraddr thistopc will just take her down and submit her. she may have to take a few punches to achieve this.	positive	rousey
always fun reading about thistopc's love for pokemon and dbz httpaddr	positive	rousey
and the wonder years and state champs are touring together and i get to see my first thistopc fight in dec? i keep getting good news today	positive	rousey
"""dear ms. thistopc, may i be your pre-fight fluffer? i promise i'll spike your testosterone &amp; make u win. sincerely, winky twitteraddr topc"	positive	rousey
"""december numbrth could be the biggest ufc card put together. aldo &amp; mcgregor, and thistopc as a co main event with her possibly fighting cyborg."""	positive	rousey
forbes highest paid women's athlete was sharapova (numbrth yr straight) with numbr.numbr mil. not hard to imagine thistopc topping that list one day.	positive	rousey
holm doesn't have enough mma experience. she's going to get schooled. thistopc will simply demolished her. topc  httpaddr	positive	rousey
huh?! holm isn't ready. nothing in her previous fights makes me think she can beat thistopc. httpaddr	positive	rousey
i did laundry and didn't lose a single sock in the process and they moved the thistopc v. holm fight to nov numbr. today is a good day!!!!!	positive	rousey
"""i need a big moment!  something like a clutch moment! a kobe in the numbrth quarter!  a ronda """"rowdy"""" thistopc numbr second knockout!"""	positive	rousey
i would say him and thistopc are the hottest athletes in sports right now. savage  httpaddr	positive	rousey
"""i'm on board with this. feel bad for miesha tate, but looking at thistopc's dominance, the opponent doesn't matter. httpaddr"	positive	rousey
"""if aldo vs mcgregor and thistopc vs cyborg are both booked for ufc numbr at cowboy stadium, i just have to be there! httpaddr"	positive	rousey
"""if mcgregor and thistopc are scheduled on december numbr in dallas, i will be there even if it's just by myself."""	positive	rousey
"""if anyone saw the ufcnumbr fight on saturday, thenyou know thistopc was amazing!!! topc topc"	positive	rousey
meisha tate might have lost to thistopc twice but is still deserving of a numbrrd shot cause she earned it by grinding in the topc	positive	rousey
"""my numbr year old father knew thistopc's fight date before me. knew it was november but not date. he chimes in """"oh yeah she fights nov numbr"""""""	positive	rousey
"""no one else may be able to sanction it, but thistopc vs. mayweather (in some capacity) can work in topc"	positive	rousey
"""people always wanna be the next mj, the next thistopc, i just wanna be the best me. i may go further than those so why limit myself?"""	positive	rousey
"""personally i would have loved to see thistopc vs tate iii, but dana just announced... thistopc vs holly holm on january numbrnd for topc"	positive	rousey
"""ronda thistopc looking to break several records at ufc numbr - with thistopc now facing holly holm in november, she has ... httpaddr"	positive	rousey
"""thistopc calls the jan. numbr fight """"my biggest challenge to date."""" she's not worried about losing, though: """"i can take... httpaddr"	positive	rousey
thistopc fighting again in january. gonna give holm the benefit of the doubt and say she may make it past a minute.	positive	rousey
"""thistopc firing back at may. ha, love it."""	positive	rousey
thistopc is about to kill hollie holm in january. my guess is numbr seconds topc topc	positive	rousey
"""thistopc may be hot, but twitteraddr is the true bae httpaddr"	positive	rousey
"""thistopc may not have the money that floyd has, but people respect her way more.  httpaddr"	positive	rousey
thistopc obliterated correia on saturday! is she the most dominant twitteraddr fighter ever? topc topc	positive	rousey
thistopc still going to ko her in the numbrnd round  httpaddr	positive	rousey
thistopc vs holm's on january numbr. holms has the best kicks of any ufc woman fighter. i'll give her at least numbr minutes with thistopc	positive	rousey
"""thistopc was right. you know you'll get beat, you just want the $ httpaddr"	positive	rousey
thistopc would make may weather tap out.she would knock the 's of that fraud and fake . she loves the sport while the clown does it for the $	positive	rousey
"""sigh. not really huge news in my opinion, but don't get me wrong i'm excited for thistopc &amp; holm in australia and seeing it sooner than jan numbr."""	positive	rousey
sat for numbr hours in a restaurant to watch thistopc for numbr sec. &amp; i would do it again!!! topc topc twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	rousey
so it's totally possible thistopc wins quickly in november (as usual) then headlines the vegas january numbrnd card. twitteraddr	positive	rousey
so my dad wants to buy tickets for ufc numbr on january numbrnd just to watch thistopc end her fight in numbr seconds	positive	rousey
"""the numbr """"best pnumbrp fighters"""" thistopc currently and jones all-time topc is numbr-numbr (numbr% finishes numbr% in the numbrst... httpaddr"	positive	rousey
the twitteraddr moved up the twitteraddr vs twitteraddr fight to nov. numbr in australia. thistopc is always ready to fight topc topc	positive	rousey
"""this december numbrth card is going to be loaded - im hoping we get thistopc - tate, and maybe fedor's return, along with conor - aldo topc"	positive	rousey
this died between thistopc and mayweather; c'mon -- y'all athletes at the best in your sport. thistopc would win though. can you say topc	positive	rousey
watching the thistopc fight for the numbrth time. this woman just motivates me dude.	positive	rousey
wow! thistopc vs. holm moved to same night as lawler vs condit in australia. topc is going to be nuts nov numbr!  httpaddr	positive	rousey
wow. if the ufc follows through with co headliners of mcgregor vs aldo and the next thistopc fight both on dec numbrth... im buying that fight!!!	positive	rousey
at work still excited about saturday's thistopc vs. correia fight.	positive	rousey
"""hey twitteraddr i'm sure you know and may have already spoken about it, but thistopc accepted the marine's invite!!"""	positive	rousey
"""twitteraddr i think they may want a guy with back problems. here, have thistopc!"""	negative	ryan braun
twitteraddr how does thistopc get to step out of the batter's box after every pitch? didn't we go over this in may?	negative	ryan braun
nobody wants to hear about that jerk anymore. or thistopc. or any other cheating roid rage  jerk httpaddr	negative	ryan braun
thistopc breaks scoreless tie with hr off patrick corbin on numbrst pitch of numbrth inning. lots of boos.	negative	ryan braun
"""thistopc failed me friday, failed me saturday... i went back to him today &amp; he came through.  short term memory is key in topc topc"	negative	ryan braun
thistopc is batting .numbr with numbr home runs and numbr rbis.  but his team is in numbrth. he will never be better than curtis granderson.	negative	ryan braun
saw it late but carlos gomez may have passed thistopc in most hated baseball players	negative	ryan braun
still can't believe thistopc and jew unit were able to beat the numbrst test on technicality that his piss was mishandled!	negative	ryan braun
well i'm out dogs see u all friday when i will send numbr tweets about garbage cheating trash thistopc. good night	negative	ryan braun
topc news braun makes history with fourth numbr/numbr season - thistopc became the numbrst player in major league his... httpaddr	positive	ryan braun
topc thistopc hit his numbrth home run of the season at the bottom of the first. topc	positive	ryan braun
topc thistopc records his numbrth career game with at least numbr rbi	positive	ryan braun
"""topc thistopc went numbr-for-numbr, left on base four times and hit his numbrrd double of the season. topc"	positive	ryan braun
topc tweets: huge double play in the numbrst. thistopc with the catch and perfect toss home. topc topc httpaddr	positive	ryan braun
"""topc on the board in the numbrst against the topc thanks to a solo shot from thistopc, his numbrth."""	positive	ryan braun
"""topc brewers vs. reds: sunday game report: thistopc hit .numbr with six doubles, a triple, five ... httpaddr topc"	positive	ryan braun
numbr the record: thistopc smacks numbrnd career hr-numbr more than robin yount; wild topc marlins wed matinee; the story on topc numbr sports numbrp	positive	ryan braun
"""twitteraddr alum zack godley k's thistopc to end the numbrth. numbr k's, numbr pitches, numbr for strikes, no runs, no bbs. leading numbr-numbr."""	positive	ryan braun
boom! a thistopc grand slam puts the topc up numbr-numbr in the bottom of the numbrth! topc	positive	ryan braun
bottom numbrth now - braun up - perkins in - thistopc triples down the right field line - topc topc topc twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	ryan braun
"""braun homers, but reds stop brewers win streak: thistopc hit his numbrth home run of the season, but the cincin... httpaddr"	positive	ryan braun
brewers video: thistopc becomes mil's all-time hr leader (numbr) with numbrth inning blast	positive	ryan braun
brewers video: thistopc hits numbrth hr of season as numbr-game win streak ends with numbr-numbr loss against reds (espn) httpaddr	positive	ryan braun
"""brewers beat the pirates once again! thistopc numbr hits, lucroy numbr rbi's and adam kind hr topc brewers numbr pirates numbr. tomorrow on twitteraddr"	positive	ryan braun
chapman throws his numbr mph knuckleball striking out the al to end the numbrth but thistopc comes back with a triple for the nl and scores	positive	ryan braun
congrats to thistopc on setting the franchise mark for career home runs.  congrats also to k-rod for his numbrth save of the season.	positive	ryan braun
"""home run! thistopc's numbr-run blast puts the topc on the board in the numbrth. it's now d'backs numbr, topc numbr. no outs. topc"	positive	ryan braun
"""i want to thank thistopc for hitting that home run to send bernie down the slide, and thereby making my kids' numbrst game """"the coolest ever!"""""""	positive	ryan braun
k-rod is just trying to set up thistopc for a walk off grand slam in the numbrth. he's all about making his teammates look good. topc	positive	ryan braun
"""lots of total bases today for thistopc as he hits a triple in numbrth inning, already has a home run sunday. topc"	positive	ryan braun
"""love or hate, thistopc is playing some fantastic baseball as of late. twitteraddr may be out of it, but it's not because of him. topc"	positive	ryan braun
thistopc breaking with an oppo shot to right to break up the scoreless tie in the numbrth. he's been impressive as of late.	positive	ryan braun
thistopc gives the topc an early lead with a solo hr to left in the numbrst.  numbr-numbr topc over the reds	positive	ryan braun
thistopc hit a grand slam and finished with five rbi in sunday's numbr-numbr win over the phillies.	positive	ryan braun
thistopc hit his numbrnd career hr today &amp; moved into numbrst place on the topc franchise hr list. he passed hall of famer robin yount. topc	positive	ryan braun
"""thistopc hits his numbrth hr of the season and wily peralta gives up numbr run in numbr innings as twitteraddr beat reds, numbr-numbr. httpaddr"	positive	ryan braun
thistopc hits his numbrth career home run in the top of the numbrst inning. brewers get numbr. cubs coming to bat versus matt garza.	positive	ryan braun
"""thistopc hits his numbrth hr of the year, a solo shot in the numbrth as the topc trail reds numbr-numbr now on topc"	positive	ryan braun
thistopc homered as the topc beat the diamondbacks numbr-numbr on friday night. milwaukee has won numbr of their last numbr games.	positive	ryan braun
thistopc just stole his numbrth base of the season. fourth numbr-numbr season of his career.	positive	ryan braun
thistopc leadoff triple to start the numbrth. casual. twitteraddr	positive	ryan braun
"""thistopc led off numbrth with numbrb and scored on sf, but that's all nl gets as al wins topc numbr-numbr. twitteraddr"	positive	ryan braun
thistopc lines his numbrth homer of the year to give topc numbr-numbr lead over topc in the first inning at miller park.	positive	ryan braun
"""thistopc making the ever so smart """"stretch to a triple when down numbr runs in the numbrth"""""""	positive	ryan braun
thistopc owns right field. numbrrd home run of the year. topc	positive	ryan braun
thistopc singles to lead off the numbrth. topc topc	positive	ryan braun
thistopc stays hot! he doubles off the wall in right-center with one out in the numbrth. topc	positive	ryan braun
thistopc steals numbrnd and he records his numbrth numbr/numbr season of his career. topc	positive	ryan braun
thistopc with a numbrth inning triple in the all-star game! doing his part to get the topc homefield adv--nevermind.	positive	ryan braun
thistopc with a triple off of glen perkins in the numbrth! topc topc	positive	ryan braun
"""thistopc's home run in the numbrth puts gives the brewers a numbr-numbr lead.  a.j. pollock, goldy, and david peralta will look to answer."""	positive	ryan braun
s/o to thistopc for that numbr run shot in the numbrth! i just won numbrst place in both my draft king's tournament. turned numbr.numbr into numbr$. easyyyy.	positive	ryan braun
"""since numbr danny valencia is the numbrst best hitter vs lhp in baseball, tied with thistopc. better than adrian beltre. twitteraddr"	positive	ryan braun
thanks to twitteraddr and the twitteraddr i may have stood where thistopc has stood. topc topc httpaddr	positive	ryan braun
"""thanks to thistopc's defense, catch and guns down runner at home, brewers get out of numbrst down numbr. was numbr-numbr with bases loaded and no out!"""	positive	ryan braun
the milwaukee brewers played well today and thistopc is able to hit his numbrth home run and he did a fantastic job today.	positive	ryan braun
today's mlb cheatsheet is live! thistopc is pumped about it. httpaddr httpaddr	positive	ryan braun
what i like about thistopc making all star game is hearing all the hatred for him.  assures me he may be a brewer for life.  i like that!	positive	ryan braun
what i would give to meek k-rod and thistopc tomorrow while at the all-star game representing the twitteraddr thanks to twitteraddr	positive	ryan braun
"""i just won the sickest game of the show in numbr innings cause thistopc is a stud, home run in the numbrth to tie then a homer in the numbrth to win"""	positive	ryan braun
absolutely mortified and gutted that thistopc may be doing the new bond song :(	negative	sam smith
even though i'm not going to thistopc tomorrow i would be hella disappointed bc he cancelled his show a day before :///	negative	sam smith
i was going to go to the thistopc concert tomorrow and find it insulting his people only gave numbr hour notice on the postponement.	negative	sam smith
i'm not entirely sure how i went from a crummy thistopc visual gag to aching existentialism but sudden sun kil moon will do that to you	negative	sam smith
"""it sucks that i'm not even excited for the topc theme tune debuting tomorrow, if it is thistopc it will really dampen my excitement."""	negative	sam smith
"""lol the same thistopc song has played numbr times already, if it plays for a numbrth i will scratch someone's eyes out"""	negative	sam smith
no nigerian male artist can feature thistopc because they are afraid he may ask them for sex before the recording	negative	sam smith
pretty stupid when you lie to the media: they may never believe you again. thistopc could have found a different answer!	negative	sam smith
soak may have overtaken thistopc as the shittest artist currently in the charts	negative	sam smith
thistopc hairline think it's throwback thursday everyday or some shit huh	negative	sam smith
thistopc may be the worst act on the radio	negative	sam smith
thistopc may have his fans but they certainly aren't the type of people that would watch bond. what the hell have they done topc	negative	sam smith
"""thistopc's doing next james bond theme?  could be numbrst one where instead of intro with bond shooting toward camera, he just shoots himself."""	negative	sam smith
thistopc is such a bad choice for the bond song for spectre like c'mon	negative	sam smith
thistopc just came on. i sat down. i will not rave to that guy	negative	sam smith
thistopc just canceled his concert for tomorrow. i'm soooooooo pissed	negative	sam smith
so i have a day off with nothing to do tomorrow be thistopc cancelled his show :(	negative	sam smith
topc thistopc... homie... playa... you are giving me tuesday morning deepness level numbr yoh  topc	positive	sam smith
"""topc well, we guessed it! icymi: on monday, thistopc shared an inneresting photo tha... httpaddr topc twitteraddr"	positive	sam smith
'writing's on the wall' is the theme song for topc thistopc is the artist. look forward to hearing it on the numbrth.	positive	sam smith
"""numbr:numbr bmth+pvris tickets, thistopc to finland, happy mutuals, nail both of the presentations tomorrow !!!"""	positive	sam smith
twitteraddr maybe if it was our musical but ehh thistopc is so much more amazing c'mon bethany	positive	sam smith
twitteraddr watch adele release it late december and block the charts... and then when she's done thistopc is coming	positive	sam smith
twitteraddr thistopc's voice alone proves he isn't trash you may not like his style but you can't deny that voice	positive	sam smith
"""twitteraddr sunday is the best, thistopc on before blur!  wtf as they say these days"""	positive	sam smith
twitteraddr  numbr tickets for thistopc concert  sept numbr cheap! flew our family of numbr here fir the concert! beyond upset!	positive	sam smith
twitteraddr come see thistopc with twitteraddr and i tomorrow	positive	sam smith
twitteraddr im going to thistopc!!! thurs or fri?!	positive	sam smith
twitteraddr chet faker and kendrick for me. giraffage was dope too. had to work the booth sunday night but i still heard elton and thistopc	positive	sam smith
"""twitteraddr hey hey, just checkng to see if you or twitteraddr had any interest in thistopc tickets for cheap. show is saturday @ erwin center"""	positive	sam smith
twitteraddr i cried when i passed by the arena with my summer camp cause of thistopc pcd/ ariana grande oct numbrth httpaddr	positive	sam smith
twitteraddr and i are gonna cry throughout the entire thistopc concert on monday.	positive	sam smith
twitteraddr the concert got changed to september numbrth... aka get yohr booty down here and see thistopc with me	positive	sam smith
twitteraddr great saturday night.  singing thistopc songs with my daughter and eating dinner.	positive	sam smith
twitteraddr may as well bring me back to life just to end my life again because thistopc is doing it instead	positive	sam smith
"""twitteraddr have you listened to thistopc? he has a soulful voice, he may be able to pull this off."""	positive	sam smith
a treat for topc booking today as tomorrow we'll hear more on the title song now anticipated to be sung by thistopc? topc	positive	sam smith
all i know is i'm going to see thistopc tomorrow.. like i honestly do not care about anything else in this world..	positive	sam smith
all my friends are going to the thistopc concert tomorrow and i got offered a ticket but ya girl ain't got $numbr so i'm maddddd	positive	sam smith
"""ate dinner on the couch in sweatpants &amp; under a blanket while listening to thistopc pandora, &amp; now i'm reading the newspaper. its saturday."""	positive	sam smith
"""been listening to thistopc in my sleep for the past numbr hours now i'm getting steak for my dinner, can sunday's get any better?"""	positive	sam smith
been on repeat all day: thistopc for the win! topc topc httpaddr	positive	sam smith
brb while i delete numbr% of my camera roll off my phone to make room for thistopc tomorrow.	positive	sam smith
can't wait to hear thistopc's song for the new numbr film spectre tomorrow	positive	sam smith
chris's boss gave us tickets to the thistopc concert tomorrow. we're probably not going to go but what a nice gift.	positive	sam smith
"""christ, the last thing i want to be looking at on a monday afternoon is thistopc's ring."""	positive	sam smith
did you know that 'thistopc' was trending topic on monday numbr for numbr hours in liverpool? httpaddr topc	positive	sam smith
"""excited!!!! can't wait to see thistopc in concert tonight - austin, tx. going to be a great numbrth wedding anniversary with hubby!!"""	positive	sam smith
forever jealous of those who are going to the thistopc concert tomorrow :(	positive	sam smith
"""friday night at last! hi, it's chris best with late night love. relax with some great love songs. this hour, thistopc, ronan, gabrielle."""	positive	sam smith
"""getting ready for church, if anybody in dallas wants to go lemme know,then bingo tonight to win another $numbr.numbr. thistopc concert tomorrow!"""	positive	sam smith
glass of wine and some thistopc as we take in the beauty of santorini. topc topc topc httpaddr	positive	sam smith
"""good morning, start this thursday with topc naughty boy feat thistopc - la la la ; httpaddr"	positive	sam smith
"""grammy award-winner thistopc was confirmed tuesday as the artist chosen for theme song duties for spectre, th... httpaddr"	positive	sam smith
"""grammy winner thistopc performing in concert starting in perth sat numbr nov, then right around the country finishing in brisbane sat numbr dec"""	positive	sam smith
great story about thistopc on cbs sunday morning...sam talked about how his success came when he exposed his... httpaddr	positive	sam smith
"""happy saturday morning everyone! here's a short instrumental cover of thistopc's """"i'm not the only one."""" we have... httpaddr"	positive	sam smith
happy saturday! today we're listening to twitteraddr cover of thistopc! listen to it with us! httpaddr	positive	sam smith
"""happy sunday twitteraddr my weekend was awesome , play for me """"thistopc - stay with me"""""""	positive	sam smith
hats off to hobie fishing team member thistopc for numbr) catching what may be the record striped bass taken from a... httpaddr	positive	sam smith
"""hearing a few tracks from thistopc. he may work out singing the new bond numbr """"spectre"""" song. may be a good choice for vocal."""	positive	sam smith
highkey ima cry on monday and just sing loud af to thistopc.	positive	sam smith
hold on... thistopc may do the theme to spectre!? dope!!!!!! topc topc topc	positive	sam smith
how will i know thistopc may be the greatest thing i've ever heard	positive	sam smith
"""i can't even remotely believe that i'm going to see thistopc in person, with my own two eyes, this friday."""	positive	sam smith
"""i can't wait for thistopc tomorrow, i'm probably gonna cry the whole concert"""	positive	sam smith
i don't understand why they scheduled  the thistopc concert on the numbrth omg that's so long from now :-/	positive	sam smith
i feel like i'm gonna cry at everything during the thistopc concert tomorrow cuz his voice is so amazing	positive	sam smith
i feel like thistopc may be the reincarnation of jesus christ	positive	sam smith
i have an extra ticket to a thistopc concert tomorrow at numbr. anyone wanna go with me????	positive	sam smith
i just got tix to thistopc on oct numbr. let the countdown begin! twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	sam smith
i just remembered i saw thistopc on friday and i want to cry bc i miss him :((	positive	sam smith
i need to go buy a shirt tomorrow or today to make for the thistopc concert next weekend i mean a week from today! can't wait!	positive	sam smith
i really want to go see thistopc in austin this saturday	positive	sam smith
i seriously have bewn in love with thistopc since like numbrth grade	positive	sam smith
i still believe i was the first person to listen to thistopc in bmt...since numbrth grade httpaddr	positive	sam smith
i want to attend thistopc's concert at moa arena on november.	positive	sam smith
i won't be able to watch one direction at the apple music on the numbrnd because of the thistopc concert and some things at school i'm sad	positive	sam smith
i'll see hozier live on september numbrst and thistopc on the numbrnd topc	positive	sam smith
i'm excited to see thistopc on saturday with loml twitteraddr	positive	sam smith
i'm going to a thistopc concert tomorrow hahahahahaha i totally forgot	positive	sam smith
i'm going to see thistopc tomorrow. i don't think i ever thought this was going to happen but it is. he's my everything my idol. omfg	positive	sam smith
"""i'm in bed listening to thistopc, it's raining outside and tomorrow is pay day. happy me is happy (kinda)"""	positive	sam smith
i'm running on the stage if thistopc sings lay me down tomorrow	positive	sam smith
i'm super excited for the thistopc concert tomorrow though!	positive	sam smith
"""i'm very happy to hear that, thistopc will be singing the theme song of topc bring on october numbrth"""	positive	sam smith
if someone wants to take me to the thistopc concert in october i wouldn't even be mad	positive	sam smith
"""jacob i'm going to see thistopc tomorrow, wanna come with?"""	positive	sam smith
"""jenna if we leave right now we can make it to thistopc in glendale, arizona tomorrow i'm looking up tickets right now-my sister"""	positive	sam smith
just found out that bria and i are going to see thistopc at the gorge tomorrow!!!!!!	positive	sam smith
just got told i look like thistopc for the numbrnd time	positive	sam smith
"""kickin the friday off with a gem of a jam disclosure ft. thistopc, """"omen"""" this is gon be a classic"""	positive	sam smith
kinda considering getting tickets to see thistopc again in december to make it six concerts over four months?	positive	sam smith
"""last time i hit so hard, so glad thistopc was with me. now for the numbrnd time,  i fell &amp; weeped, so swerte coz jessie ware was crying with me"""	positive	sam smith
like i can- thistopc cover! check it out :) don't forget i'm playing at the ludington pub sunday! topc  httpaddr	positive	sam smith
literally so excited i'm going to a thistopc concert in october	positive	sam smith
may get fired for sneaking into thistopc's dressing room tonight to ask him if he'll sing at my funeral but it'll be worth it. stay tuned.	positive	sam smith
monday = lana's single! tuesday = finally going to come topc with a! wednesday = thistopc concert!	positive	sam smith
monday's aren't so bad when your friend surprises you with last minute thistopc tickets!	positive	sam smith
my cousins going to see thistopc tomorrow :( i'm jealous	positive	sam smith
oh shit i just remember the thistopc concert is on the numbrth	positive	sam smith
"""ok, caribou playing can't do without you made me dance so hard i may have cried, so i get it thistopc girls."""	positive	sam smith
people may talk ill about thistopc 's orientation. but i must state that his songs still remain my anthem in the morning! twitteraddr	positive	sam smith
perfect day: seeing thistopc &amp; elton john then having a big slice of pizza after to end the night...aka august numbrth numbr topc	positive	sam smith
"""reading the hobbit, listening to thistopc, mom is cooking her mean pork nilaga. steady sunday it is. good morning :)"""	positive	sam smith
sdhs is very proud of mary satchwill and thistopc who participated in the swiss ambassador program on august numbrth. httpaddr	positive	sam smith
"""thistopc - bbc radio theatre: last thursday, the one and only thistopc gave an incredible conce... httpaddr ckdsradio.eu"""	positive	sam smith
thistopc and kasabian have been the highlight of topc today. looking forward to jessie ware tomorrow	positive	sam smith
thistopc blew my mind and pulled on my heartstrings at topc on saturday. best act of the weekend! twitteraddr you da best!	positive	sam smith
thistopc concert tomorrow got rescheduled and it's not til september numbrth i'm hecka sad:(	positive	sam smith
"""thistopc had twice the reason to celebrate on tuesday, picking up best solo artist honours at the gq men of the... httpaddr"	positive	sam smith
thistopc in the 'omen' music video may have turned me gay for a few moments	positive	sam smith
thistopc is going to be in austin tomorrow and i'm going to be in san marcos! why?!? i wanted to see him so bad!! :'(	positive	sam smith
"""thistopc is singing the new bond theme! """"writing on the wall"""" out sept numbr, one month before """"spectre"""" httpaddr"	positive	sam smith
thistopc is singing the song for the new james bond. i think i may have fallen in love even more. topc topc	positive	sam smith
thistopc is tomorrow and i can't even with myself	positive	sam smith
"""thistopc may do well with his bond song but no one beats adele's """"skyfall"""""""	positive	sam smith
"""thistopc may well be doing spectre theme, i just hope he does it as well as twitteraddr  did you know my name. now that was a bond theme!"""	positive	sam smith
thistopc on the numbrth of sept tapos solaire. wiieee. i am giving myself the gift i should receive.	positive	sam smith
"""thistopc on twitter talking about the end of his tour. he better be in raleigh, come october numbr."""	positive	sam smith
thistopc tomorrow with my little sister sure why not. lol	positive	sam smith
"""sat alone downstairs in the dark with thistopc on, might grab myself a beer or vodka as well. living life to the maxxxxx"""	positive	sam smith
selling numbr upper box tickets for the thistopc show this november. hit me up if anyone's interested.	positive	sam smith
shout out to those people who are at the thistopc concert rn and have to wake up early tomorrow	positive	sam smith
so it's official! thistopc is singing the topc theme and it's releasing tomorrow. i'm...ambivalent until i hear it	positive	sam smith
somebody please come with me to see thistopc tomorrow!!	positive	sam smith
"""sometimes you have a monday and a half. for those days, i rely on thistopc and jack daniels."""	positive	sam smith
still in awe that i'm going to see thistopc tomorrow... counting down the hours	positive	sam smith
"""the 'spectre' theme song will be released tomorrow, and we finally know who's singing it: thistopc!  httpaddr"	positive	sam smith
"""the name's smith, thistopc. the songsmith's just been confirmed as the topc singer, hear his bond song """"writing's on the wall"""" sept numbr"""	positive	sam smith
the only thing that will be getting me through tomorrow is the thistopc concert	positive	sam smith
there may be lovers who hold out their hands but he'll never love you like i can can can topc thistopc	positive	sam smith
tickets now on sale for the much loved thistopc twitteraddr topc november numbr. visit: httpaddr httpaddr	positive	sam smith
tomorrow i'll be at kids club orientation and then in the pit at the thistopc concert.  this makes me so happy.	positive	sam smith
we can't wait to hear the new topc song by thistopc out on september numbrth! topc httpaddr	positive	sam smith
whhhyyyyy you guys no remind me thistopc was tomorrow!?  twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	sam smith
wish i was going to see thistopc at the toyota center tomorrow	positive	sam smith
wishing it was october so i can see thistopc already.	positive	sam smith
but on the bright side i bought myself a ticket to see thistopc in raleigh oct numbrth	positive	sam smith
for whoever wants to take me to the thistopc concert on september numbrth... i'm completely available	positive	sam smith
how i spend my friday night: watching thistopc videos from when i saw him at the forum  how everyone else spends their friday night: bp	positive	sam smith
i've just sat and listened to thistopc's album i'm emo	positive	sam smith
"""if anyone would like to surprise me with some thistopc tickets for monday, that'd be great. plz and thank you."""	positive	sam smith
if you don't like thistopc you may actually be satan himself	positive	sam smith
just checked for events happening at gila river arena in september and i got so excited to see that thistopc is playing. on september numbrth	positive	sam smith
last minute but does anyone want to go to thistopc w me tomorrow :-)	positive	sam smith
"""my mom still isnt sure if she can go to thistopc with me or not tomorrow, she needs to let me know so i can find someone else to go with"""	positive	sam smith
"""need a new friend who can make me laugh, isnt busy october numbrth, and loves thistopc too(-;"""	positive	sam smith
oh my god it just hit me that i'm seeing thistopc tomorrow night	positive	sam smith
"""oh, hi! just listening to thistopc's """"like i can"""" and weeping! happy wednesday!"""	positive	sam smith
omg i bought thistopc tickets way back in feb and forgot all about it until my friend texted me that it's tomorrow	positive	sam smith
omg i may have a chance to still go to the thistopc concert!	positive	sam smith
remember when i sat and ate pizza and just like listened to thistopc live in the distance topc	positive	sam smith
replace austin with thistopc and replace numbrh with someone else  httpaddr	positive	sam smith
sam i just realized i'm seeing thistopc tomorrow i'm so in love	positive	sam smith
thistopc on numbrnd ave! waaaaa how can you sing like its just bahay kubo megesh	positive	sam smith
thistopc tonight hoping tomorrow's gonna be a better day :)	positive	sam smith
"""since may i went to kmf, bts trb, kcon, thistopc, and nicki like it was a topc summer"""	positive	sam smith
someone pls take me to see thistopc i may cry my eyes out the whole time but pls take me	positive	sam smith
"""the only thing i want for my birthday is books, films and tickets to thistopc when he's coming here in december:-(((("""	positive	sam smith
"""the wait to find out if one of the numbr people i got to apply to win thistopc tickets is killing me, thursday hurry the fuck up"""	positive	sam smith
tomorrow i am going to see thistopc live and it still is not real to me	positive	sam smith
when you realize tomorrow is when you will witness grace and beauty...    i'm talking about thistopc....	positive	sam smith
wow...twitteraddr you guys have really gone far with your company. thistopc?!!! wow. i saw him on sunday perform httpaddr	positive	sam smith
"""yesterday ericka n i went to the hotel where thistopc was staying n sat in the lobby for a good numbr hrs n saw numbr guys that seemed """"important"""""""	positive	sam smith
you know what's tomorrow is phoenix? thistopc concert. you know who isn't going? this lemon	positive	sam smith
"""twitteraddr thistopc is leading an airstrikes campaign in yemen, the latest round of which killed at least numbr people on monday."""	negative	saudi arabia
"""twitteraddr did you explain to him how qatar, your backers, &amp; thistopc were responsible for its destruction? httpaddr"	negative	saudi arabia
twitteraddr most if not all of the sept numbrth terrorists were from thistopc. they are part of the problem.	negative	saudi arabia
twitteraddr twitteraddr reported in oct: imf has broken the good news that topc thistopc is going bankrupt within numbr years	negative	saudi arabia
"""twitteraddr i dont know if thistopc is a still numbrrd world, we're in an awkward phase right now. it would be alright if it was secularist."""	negative	saudi arabia
twitteraddr this is a part of the road map! (thistopc to crash iran) may allah safeguard us	negative	saudi arabia
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr  may the world know, that nato, and especially the usa, uk, turkey, thistopc and israel, are the worst terrorists."""	negative	saudi arabia
"""twitteraddr i thought it was russia, today its russia, tomorrow iran? which is it?? thistopc is more of a threat though."""	negative	saudi arabia
"""twitteraddr may brook live under the shariah, in thistopc numbr the rest of her miserable life. allah akbar!! brookie girl lol"""	negative	saudi arabia
"""twitteraddr tell us abou the teenagers thistopc is chopping heads off. c'mon, peope want to know.  topc"	negative	saudi arabia
"""twitteraddr thistopc is a monarchy. but it may fall if economy gets very worse, and the king cant buy people off anymore."""	negative	saudi arabia
"""twitteraddr given thistopc has the numbrrd largest military in the world. this better be a whole lot more than more the endless blah, blah."""	negative	saudi arabia
twitteraddr twitteraddr excuse me? cameron does dirty deals with thistopc may i remind you	negative	saudi arabia
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr seen the line under the video? """"thistopc 'may jail woman who posted video of husband cheating with housemaid'"""""""	negative	saudi arabia
"""twitteraddr apart from thistopc, one more country has to be blamed - the numbrst islamic state of world - pakistan"""	negative	saudi arabia
and thistopc have the nerve to say trumps a bad guy for wanting to ban muslims...  httpaddr	negative	saudi arabia
"""at least numbr killed in fire at saudi hospital: in thistopc on thursday, a fire tore through the maternity a... httpaddr"	negative	saudi arabia
"""before you go to bed, can you tell thistopc to stop beheading kids please? someone might listen to you httpaddr"	negative	saudi arabia
breaking news: thistopc bankruptcy now on the waywithin feb for crude breakdown below twitteraddr for over supply and less consumption globally	negative	saudi arabia
"""by hadeel al sayegh dubai, dec numbr (reuters) - a fire at a hospital in thistopc killed numbr people and injured more than numbr others as it"""	negative	saudi arabia
"""end-time topc prophecy?: thistopc announces """"military alliance."""" this may fulfill """"king of the south"""" prophecy soon. daniel numbr:numbr."""	negative	saudi arabia
he just isn`t a sneak like clinton. if she cared about womens rights she wouldn't be taking money from thistopc. httpaddr	negative	saudi arabia
huge difference isis is killing innocents on the other hand thistopc kill accused people  httpaddr	negative	saudi arabia
"""i had a bad feeling the numbrst time i heard """"will be greeted as liberators."""" also, you forgot thistopc. httpaddr"	negative	saudi arabia
"""isis is on the march, being bombed by everyone it seems, to no avail. thistopc keeps bombing yemen as... httpaddr"	negative	saudi arabia
iran-backed houthis in yemen fire missile into thistopc: a missile fired from yemen saturday struck the sa...  httpaddr	negative	saudi arabia
"""it's free shipping friday! unless yer in thistopc, our 'eternal friend,' where it's public beheading friday! again. whoo hoo!"""	negative	saudi arabia
"""lost my voice to a cold, but still cracked up knowing we wiped the floor with kazakhstan and thistopc httpaddr"	negative	saudi arabia
may i hear the sound of democracy? twitteraddr twitteraddr / twitteraddr thistopc is about to behead teenage boy for attending a protest aged numbr	negative	saudi arabia
nice numbrc twitteraddr safely in the uk &amp; able to report her numbrst hand knowledge of thistopc's war attrocities in topc &amp; uk's role in it.	negative	saudi arabia
"""oil price not done crashing, thistopc may be broke in numbr years: reports httpaddr  cc: twitteraddr  what do you think of this?"""	negative	saudi arabia
regime change vs stability is false choice. how about we stop supporting dictators + ugly regimes like thistopc in numbrst place? topc	negative	saudi arabia
thistopc has announced it will raise petrol prices by over numbr% from tuesday as the country decided to cut the subsidies range.	negative	saudi arabia
thistopc hospital fire: numbr killed and over numbr injured numbr december numbr from the section middle east image... httpaddr	negative	saudi arabia
thistopc is just isis with full statehood. and yet they're our allies. httpaddr	negative	saudi arabia
thistopc is like narnia to me. i may have to go to mecca one day to fulfil my religious obligation but already dreading being there.	negative	saudi arabia
"""thistopc is over producing to drive down the price of oil to eliminate us competition!   bye, bye oil jobs! httpaddr"	negative	saudi arabia
thistopc leading the coalition to fight terrorism is like israelis giving their shawarma tuesday's to the palestinians	negative	saudi arabia
thistopc may use up its wealth in the upcoming numbr years if their deficit along with oil prices don't change.... httpaddr	negative	saudi arabia
thistopc orders execution of teenager for attending a protest httpaddr yale fools want to repeal numbrst amendment..	negative	saudi arabia
thistopc refuses to take in syrian 'refugees' because it may upset their national balance. why do eu leaders not see this as a problem?	negative	saudi arabia
thistopc sentences woman to death by stoning for adultery but the man gets off with just numbr lashes: a mar... httpaddr	negative	saudi arabia
thistopc will behead numbrnd teen protester - business insider    governance by the peaceful? httpaddr	negative	saudi arabia
thistopc's oil-induced cash crunch may come quicker than you think httpaddr	negative	saudi arabia
"""thistopc, iran face dueling drug epidemics: both the governments of thistopc and iran announced monday... httpaddr"	negative	saudi arabia
"""saudi defense minister: """"we will work to hit any terrorist organization in afghanistan""""  wtf. thistopc was the numbrst to recognize taliban."""	negative	saudi arabia
saudi to raise petrol prices by up to numbr%: riyadh (afp) - thistopc said monday it was raising petrol price... httpaddr	negative	saudi arabia
"""surprised they actually dealt with may so extensively, says a lot about how islam is used in thistopc.  httpaddr"	negative	saudi arabia
"""taking in refugees may sound compassionate but it's actually giving away syria to thistopc, not compassionate at all"""	negative	saudi arabia
they still have slaves  - my numbrst &amp;only thought -  when a so-called prince from thistopc - says anything about donald trump -	negative	saudi arabia
today is numbr months since the numbr march start of thistopc's us and uk-assisted war on yemen. there is no end in sight.	negative	saudi arabia
"""uk home sec theresa may, a mou with thistopc and why global condemnation of human rights record won't happen  httpaddr"	negative	saudi arabia
why no christians in thistopc? could it be the forced conversions and expulsions in the numbrth to numbrth centuries? httpaddr	negative	saudi arabia
won't be long before people will be trying to tell us thistopc and iran have nothing to do with islam httpaddr	negative	saudi arabia
"""you missed the part where thistopc stated price hike is keeping in line with international energy prices, right? httpaddr"	negative	saudi arabia
"""if only ever watched the topc and topc you may not know that thistopc is bombing yemen with us/uk/french arms. topc"	negative	saudi arabia
"""yes, defeat thistopc defeat isis hence the key. topc httpaddr"	negative	saudi arabia
twitteraddr twitteraddr i just got back from a trip to thistopc. enjoyed a great catholic mass there last sunday.	positive	saudi arabia
twitteraddr may allah bless thistopc and all muslims in the whole word. and yes we will stop terrorism	positive	saudi arabia
twitteraddr hi what ganne do to roman this monday you have to kick his ass like sting i'm your fans from thistopc httpaddr	positive	saudi arabia
"""twitteraddr i don't know, maybe one day i  the future. i'm going thistopc and dubai in march insha allah"""	positive	saudi arabia
a historic milestone... women in thistopc vote for the first time in municipal election! topc httpaddr	positive	saudi arabia
"""at least numbr women have won seats for the first time in thistopc's municipal polls, the elections commission said on monday. """"the"""	positive	saudi arabia
"""by tom perry beirut, dec numbr (reuters) - a syrian opposition meeting due to begin in thistopc on tuesday marks the most serious effort"""	positive	saudi arabia
"""day numbrth: thistopc, indonesia, poland, thailand, hungary. more $$$ for you today if you have traffic from there! httpaddr"	positive	saudi arabia
great news. yesterday women voted for the numbrst time in thistopc. also numbr of them were elected to local councils. httpaddr	positive	saudi arabia
is this is the beginning of real change? thistopc numbrst woman councillor elected!   httpaddr  topc topc	positive	saudi arabia
"""on saturday, women in thistopc voted and ran for office for the first time topc httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	saudi arabia
thistopc is the numbrth largest country on earth.	positive	saudi arabia
"""thistopc women voted in municipal elections saturday morning, marking the first time they have been allowed to cast ballots in the"""	positive	saudi arabia
"""women vote in thistopc for first time!  """"saturday's historic elections for municipal councils marked the... httpaddr"	positive	saudi arabia
numbrst thistopc dismissed topc then he dismissed muslims is he being self destructive or preparing his exit speech? topc	negative	scott walker
"""numbrst time i'm following a gop presidential primary closely. doing it now because of wi's infamous governor and probable felon, thistopc."""	negative	scott walker
numbr.) this is after both trump and thistopc call for numbrth ammendment rights to be taken away from the children of immigrants	negative	scott walker
twitteraddr is thistopc referring to himself in the numbrrd person? that's weird.	negative	scott walker
twitteraddr this group is going to have a pretty awesome anti thistopc t-shirt for sale tomorrow! httpaddr	negative	scott walker
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr i have nothing to sat good about a koch or thistopc, their interest in cancer is not benevolent! but causes big c"""	negative	scott walker
"""all the gop candatidates are eligable for prison. numbr dropped out, chris will when he goes numbr prison.thistopc gone. httpaddr"	negative	scott walker
and thus ended thistopc's run. don't try to out trump the donald.  httpaddr	negative	scott walker
china is wisconsins numbrrd largest export market at $numbr.numbr billion and moron thistopc is kicking the gift horse in the mouth. just careless!	negative	scott walker
do you need any more evidence that thistopc has zero diplomatic chops. topc    httpaddr	negative	scott walker
donald trump and thistopc would negros back to africa; they would try to change the numbrth amendment to the constitution.	negative	scott walker
gov.ventura is right abortion is premeditated murder in the numbrst degree thistopc's law is stupid who shed's  man's blood by man hisbshed	negative	scott walker
how about this? numbr anti-woman policies thistopc may want voters to forget: httpaddr httpaddr	negative	scott walker
i didn't realize thistopc has a big old comb-over. that picture may drop him a few points in the polls. httpaddr	negative	scott walker
"""it's labor day, and thistopc has dipped all the way to numbrth in the gop race. hey alright."""	negative	scott walker
"""just to be clear. if thistopc wants to end the numbrth amendment, that will apply to all persons right?"""	negative	scott walker
"""just when i thought thistopc couldn't become any more monstrous, he goes and puts on those jeans  httpaddr"	negative	scott walker
"""thistopc defends ted cruz after boehner jackass comment. really, topc is defending the only guy who may b more evil than him."""	negative	scott walker
thistopc brags he treated teachers as harshly as he'll treat isis. now he's trying to destroy topc farmers httpaddr	negative	scott walker
thistopc has decided that maybe gutting the numbrth amendment is a bad idea.   i'm already over this election cycle.	negative	scott walker
thistopc is god awful. mean and dumb. get him away from his koch bought protections and it all falls apart. httpaddr	negative	scott walker
thistopc is a despicable prick..may he get cancer..and roast in hell!	negative	scott walker
"""thistopc is getting so desperate, we may just see him borrowing rick perry's black frame eyeglasses."""	negative	scott walker
thistopc is going to dreamland tomorrow which is reason enough not to vote for him.	negative	scott walker
thistopc may be nuts but under the right circumstances?  i'm just saying don't over-think this. topc httpaddr	negative	scott walker
"""thistopc may be pandering to the party's lunatic fringe, but credit where it's due, he comes off as an actual lunatic."""	negative	scott walker
thistopc may just be an idiot	negative	scott walker
thistopc pretends that building a wall on the canadian border to keep out terrorists is a serious idea. httpaddr	negative	scott walker
thistopc repeatedly avoided whether he would deport children born in the usa. maybe didn't get to the numbrth amendment bnumbr he quit college.	negative	scott walker
thistopc said sunday he is open to building a wall on the u.s. border with canada. (idiot) topc	negative	scott walker
thistopc scratching really deep to find some kind of data to spin to make his awful record look better httpaddr	negative	scott walker
"""thistopc support has also dropped significantly, down numbr% from pre-debate. now tied for numbrth with huckabee. topc topc"	negative	scott walker
"""thistopc thinks building a wall between the us &amp; anything is legitimate. his wall dreams will cost taxpayers an arm, leg &amp; numbrst born."""	negative	scott walker
"""thistopc's lies at the fairgrounds a liar never tells the same lie b/c they numbrgot what lie they told in the numbrst place, so it changes ofnumbr"""	negative	scott walker
"""thistopc's answers don't even qualify as gop word salad, more like mystery red meat with a side of jello in the sun! unintelligible."""	negative	scott walker
"""thistopc, who thinks isil compares to american labor unions, thinks he knows how to handle china. on monday,... httpaddr"	negative	scott walker
thistopc: building canada border wall is a 'legitimate issue' httpaddr this rw idiot going to build one around boston too?	negative	scott walker
"""thistopc: too chicken to """"take a position"""" on the numbrth amendment. topc"	negative	scott walker
"""tomorrow! thistopc essentially said black lives don't matter.  not joking, just saying. topc numbr twitteraddr httpaddr"	negative	scott walker
trump &amp; thistopc are right.  we should amend the numbrth amendment of the us constitution numbr allow deportation of idiots-like trump &amp; walker	negative	scott walker
this is not good - thistopc wants to fire academics with whom he disagrees politically httpaddr	negative	scott walker
"""tomorrow we will have to listen to numbr or numbr thistopc walkbacks, as usual. and the press will eat it up. what a failure all around."""	negative	scott walker
"""tomorrow, thistopc will claim he defeated isis by misleading voters into ripping on teachers. topc twitteraddr"	negative	scott walker
trying to keep up with thistopc's position on the issue of the numbrth amendment is about as easy as herding cats. httpaddr	negative	scott walker
um...bobby jindal (&amp; thistopc) don't love america or its constitution--particularly the numbrth amend twitteraddr httpaddr	negative	scott walker
we may see negative poll numbers for most of the republican candidates by nov.. -numbr ted cruz -numbr thistopc -numbr jeb bush  lol topc	negative	scott walker
"""well, this is just embarrassing topc thistopc and 'birthright citizenship' httpaddr via twitteraddr"	negative	scott walker
what thistopc's shaky answers on the numbrth amendment tell us about his candidacy. (hint: it's not good.) - httpaddr	negative	scott walker
"""when you're as bad at campaigns as thistopc, you should just give up httpaddr httpaddr"	negative	scott walker
wisconsin gov. thistopc stumbled through a question friday about whether he would meet with representatives of the black lives matter	negative	scott walker
wisconsin governor thistopc sidestepped 'ridiculous' questions on friday about whether he would be willing to... httpaddr	negative	scott walker
also if i may just register my astonishment on the internet about how fucking dumb thistopc and his plans for his dumb fucking wall are	negative	scott walker
"""thistopc has just become the pawlenty ,should  abandon run for white house after iowa polls put donald trump in numbrst"""	negative	scott walker
"""thistopc may actual be dumber than he looks, which would be impressive"""	negative	scott walker
topc a great person twitteraddr making plans to march in the labor day parade with thistopc but the secret service won't say where.	positive	scott walker
twitteraddr twitteraddr ask thistopc he seems to be in the game. puns always intended;-). happy monday!	positive	scott walker
twitteraddr i will try that. some thistopc may do the trick.	positive	scott walker
twitteraddr leaning thistopc actually. liked some of carly fiorina. ted cruz would be my numbrrd (albeit over the top personality)	positive	scott walker
did you know that 'thistopc' was trending topic on sunday numbr for numbr hours in chicago? httpaddr topc	positive	scott walker
"""especially for our thistopc supporters, here's numbr% off the topc store through monday. httpaddr"	positive	scott walker
"""had a great time meeting my senators, twitteraddr and twitteraddr at the thistopc luncheon last friday! httpaddr"	positive	scott walker
"""i gotta say, rubio sounds about as """"presidential"""" as any of them. he's a close numbrnd to thistopc in my book. httpaddr"	positive	scott walker
i've said all along that thistopc's low-key style doesn't set the barn on fire but will win the day.  httpaddr	positive	scott walker
please join us tomorrow for a meet and greet with gov. thistopc at the derry vfw at numbr-numbr.	positive	scott walker
thistopc &amp; team ringleader are in numbrst place in overall points &amp; for most releases in the midatlantic tournament! httpaddr	positive	scott walker
thistopc and marco rubio will be on with us monday morning.  you won't want to miss mondays radio show.  love... httpaddr	positive	scott walker
thistopc is too brave to have an opinion on the numbrth amendment.	positive	scott walker
thistopc says his actions covered everyone in poverty with medicaid for first time ever. politifact: mostly true httpaddr	positive	scott walker
sunday column: give us back the real thistopc: httpaddr	positive	scott walker
"""thank you for knowing what will keep this nation secure, thistopc. httpaddr"	positive	scott walker
this article on thistopc.. is the best. topc httpaddr	positive	scott walker
trump may be in the lead but i really like thistopc	positive	scott walker
topc thistopc losing would make a lousy monday into the best day ever	negative	seth rollins
"""twitteraddr the first and the last crap on this planet right is you thistopc and on sunday wwe universe will get rid of this """"crap""""."""	negative	seth rollins
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr it wasn't a fair fight, it just proves that thistopc can't win a title w/o someone taking his opponent down numbrst!"""	negative	seth rollins
twitteraddr hurry up man i want u to win back numbrth u.s. champion against thistopc	negative	seth rollins
twitteraddr by having thistopc as number numbr? all credibility is lost. may be the worst wwe champion in history! wwe owns yall?	negative	seth rollins
twitteraddr true.  i just can't get into thistopc and i never will.  so i'm salty i have to hear his whining tomorrow on topc	negative	seth rollins
twitteraddr john cena like never seen before.with this aggression cena will rip apart thistopc n be the numbrth time champ topc	negative	seth rollins
twitteraddr raw and smackdown.  the authority is doing a lousy job.  they're doing everything under the sun to keep thistopc as champ	negative	seth rollins
don't want to hear thistopc speech about how great he is tomorrow bruh.	negative	seth rollins
i say it every monday wen i watch raw n ill say it again i hate thistopc	negative	seth rollins
"""i'm calling it, thistopc loses the us championship tomorrow night on monday night raw."""	negative	seth rollins
i'm so mad thistopc is going to talk so much tomorrow on raw kiwi fuck i'm so mad	negative	seth rollins
if i wake up tomorrow and thistopc is still the champ i will be so pissed off	negative	seth rollins
john cena just did more than thistopc ever could to sell that match on sunday. topc topc	negative	seth rollins
john cent vs thistopc: am i the only one who's not gonna be happy sunday in the john cena vs thistopc ... httpaddr	negative	seth rollins
jon stewart cheating he helps thistopc win that some cheap monday night raw comes on tomorrow and i'm not going to be happy	negative	seth rollins
"""last night's topc topc or, 'thistopc and the terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day' httpaddr httpaddr"	negative	seth rollins
may not watch topc tonight i was already tired of thistopc when he retained against brock. just think how big he's head going to be now.	negative	seth rollins
payback is a bitch thistopc  you've may have uh band the rko at wrestlemania their is a rko with your name on it	negative	seth rollins
"""seeing this dude numbr the numbrst time, this thistopc is a self assured sob topc"	negative	seth rollins
thistopc looks like the typical emo kid that shops at pac sun topc	negative	seth rollins
"""thistopc may be a good superstar to date, but he is no legend! he needs to put that statue behind him and focus on sting. topc"	negative	seth rollins
"""thistopc may have broken john cena's nose, but cena won the match and made rollins tapped out! twitteraddr topc topc"	negative	seth rollins
thistopc may have the biggest ego in the twitteraddr topc topc	negative	seth rollins
"""thistopc sucks, think he should be reprimanded for what he did last monday night!"""	negative	seth rollins
thistopc won't be happy till he loses the wwe championship to twitteraddr on sunday topc topc	negative	seth rollins
"""since thistopc has stolen finn balor's sling blade and his finisher, he may as well steal his entrance... topc"	negative	seth rollins
"""this sunday john cena is going to march in that ring, fucking destroy thistopc and walk out with the wwe world heavyweight championship"""	negative	seth rollins
"""this sunday you will be my bitch, thistopc hahahahahaha topc"	negative	seth rollins
cena all day he always speaks the truth and thistopc will be his bitch on sunday trust me topc  httpaddr	negative	seth rollins
"""gonna see the god, the beast incarnate, the mayor of suplex city twitteraddr tomorrow night. hopefully to see him wreck thistopc."""	negative	seth rollins
"""~championship. thistopc can run his mouth about me all he wants, but when august numbrrd comes, the time for talk is over!"""	negative	seth rollins
"""topc review:httpaddr thistopc, sting &amp; the statue, the best segment ever, rusev, ryback &amp; his backstage promos &amp; more"""	positive	seth rollins
topc topc thistopc has become the numbrst in history to win the topc &amp; have the world heavyweight title at the same time	positive	seth rollins
'thistopc' appeared on tuesday numbr at the numbrth place in the topnumbr of manchester's trends: httpaddr topc	positive	seth rollins
twitteraddr twitteraddr i can't wait for raw tomorrow. thistopc is going to ask for a statue and he deserves it! he is the future!! :)	positive	seth rollins
twitteraddr ohn cena you are my favorite wrestler of all time great match with thistopc on monday night raw sorry you broke your nose.	positive	seth rollins
twitteraddr that was golden what you said to thistopc on monday night raw. go cena! numbrx champion coming soon to you.	positive	seth rollins
twitteraddr you are one of my favorite wrestlers i was dying when you came at thistopc on monday night raw.	positive	seth rollins
"""twitteraddr wwe got best wrestling athletes in every era. you may find awesomeness in the miz,thistopc,sami zayn,wade barrett,sheamus,"""	positive	seth rollins
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr  i'm going for thistopc to win. sting may put up a good match but won't be enough.	positive	seth rollins
"""twitteraddr i'm sure you've heard that jay lethal wants to cross brands and wrestle thistopc. that belongs on monday's raw and would be huge."""	positive	seth rollins
twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc great match with neville on monday night raw very entertaining match	positive	seth rollins
"""twitteraddr comin to the wwe show nov numbrth.could you sign my new thistopc tshirt, if not i'll get twitteraddr on you! topc"	positive	seth rollins
twitteraddr might have been. i guess we will see tomorrow. how about thistopc tho? amazing match. gets better and better!	positive	seth rollins
twitteraddr &amp; sting on monday night. sting vs thistopc at night of champions for the title  and john stewart got a attitude adjustment	positive	seth rollins
twitteraddr happy birthday for tomorrow! may you get the naked thistopc you've always wanted ;)	positive	seth rollins
twitteraddr thistopc had a title match with john cena  seth broke his nose and now people want title shots cause cena may not make it	positive	seth rollins
a feud with john cena may be enough to make me interested in thistopc again. there has to be some irony in there.	positive	seth rollins
adrian neville and thistopc blew the roof off of that place on monday night raw and adrian neville you did awesome!!!!!!	positive	seth rollins
"""alright, give me thistopc, and give me the dudlenumbry boyz. c'mon, let's see them. topc"	positive	seth rollins
as long as thistopc leaves with his title sunday night then i'll be happy topc topc	positive	seth rollins
as much as i love john cena and respect him as a champion i want thistopc to win tomorrow night!	positive	seth rollins
best way to start monday night rollins is with thistopc himself topc	positive	seth rollins
c'mon twitteraddr let's make it a thistopc statue on a pole match at night of champions. topc	positive	seth rollins
c'mon we all know thistopc is going to win. topc topc	positive	seth rollins
catching up on wwe for the week thanks to the saturday night reruns. thistopc is underappreciated.	positive	seth rollins
"""dont miss this tomorrow: superstars ink on httpaddr w/ its numbrst guess, the wwe &amp; us champ, thistopc httpaddr"	positive	seth rollins
hey twitteraddr my name is shaky knee. i ordered the thistopc u can't c knee shirt and i need it before sunday. let's make this work.	positive	seth rollins
"""holy crap!  watched twitteraddr 's promo when signing the contract to face thistopc. wow! """"this sunday, i'm gonna make you mine"""" (bitch)"""	positive	seth rollins
"""i don't care what others may say, thistopc is one of the best. easily the best wwe champion in the last few years. topc topc"	positive	seth rollins
i fucking love thistopc and would be so happy if he walked away with two belts next sunday.	positive	seth rollins
i hope that john cena wins the wwe world heavyweight champion for the numbrth time &amp; thistopc is right the future is now. topc	positive	seth rollins
"""i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr wwe raw, thistopc vs randy orton for the wwe world heavyweight champion, aug numbr,"""	positive	seth rollins
"""i really hope the twitteraddr are working on a """"hall of fame"""" style bust for thistopc for monday. twitteraddr topc"	positive	seth rollins
i'm really hoping thistopc finds a way to win on sunday. i don't want to see cena reign topc no thanks.	positive	seth rollins
"""it's $numbr for the thistopc meet and greet on friday. seth, i love you and all and your my favorite wrestler but hell no"""	positive	seth rollins
just got done watching wwe monday night raw i'm glad thistopc stayed the champion randy orton came close of being the champion	positive	seth rollins
make a wwe world heavyweight championship match on monday night raw with thistopc vs roman reigns and you can believe that	positive	seth rollins
my middle daughter just told me a numbrth grade presentation in her class was on thistopc.  topc topc topc	positive	seth rollins
my son's braden numbrth birthday got money in the bank briefcase due to thistopc. can you say happy birthday thistopc to my son?	positive	seth rollins
now it's time for topc this is sunday night rollins! thistopc is the cure! topc topc	positive	seth rollins
oh man. thistopc is going to be on twitteraddr in friday and it's my day off :(	positive	seth rollins
oh wow... so now we may have thistopc vs. sting for the wwe championship title? topc topc topc	positive	seth rollins
"""please god, let thistopc return to the black pants tomorrow night on raw. amen. topc topc topc"	positive	seth rollins
sting returns to wwe monday night raw!!! it's showtime!!! thistopc that's a challenge for the wwe world... httpaddr	positive	seth rollins
sting vs. thistopc on september numbrth for the world title! amazing! httpaddr	positive	seth rollins
"""saturday night observation: i'm really surprised thistopc never """"had to"""" change his hair style after winning the world title."""	positive	seth rollins
thistopc absolutely has to win this sunday if they don't want to ruin him forever now.	positive	seth rollins
thistopc becomes the numbrrd man in history (goldberg &amp; booker t) to hold both world championship &amp; united states championship topc	positive	seth rollins
thistopc def. john cena to become topc champion for the numbrth time! rollins ends cena's numbrth reign as champ! httpaddr	positive	seth rollins
thistopc has always been the future and being  the guy to finally beat cena just solidified his legacy topc topc	positive	seth rollins
"""thistopc has nothing to worry about. as long as he wears white and gold, he'll be fine on the numbrth. topc topc topc"	positive	seth rollins
thistopc is going to be at the house show in beaumont. so i think he may win. i really doubt the wwe whc will be at a house show topc	positive	seth rollins
thistopc kicks off topc and he may have a message for sting.	positive	seth rollins
thistopc may be a 'coward' or a 'sellout' but he is definitely an awesome little ninja! topc topc topc	positive	seth rollins
"""thistopc may have lost, but he broke cena!  topc"	positive	seth rollins
thistopc promo has been better than the first two hours of monday night topc	positive	seth rollins
thistopc rolling in with a strong saturday night fever feel.... topc	positive	seth rollins
thistopc won by the help of stewart... httpaddr	positive	seth rollins
"""thistopc' numbrst superstar to hold both world+us title, but will he be the numbrst to retain both titles in the same night?? topc"	positive	seth rollins
"""thistopc' statue will be one billion cubits in height, so that he may be remembered for all eternity~!. topc twitteraddr"	positive	seth rollins
thistopc would have been a great champion if he does all things whatever he says every monday night on topc in the middle of this ring	positive	seth rollins
that was stupid by john stewart but who cares thistopc is now the numbrst man to hold wwe title &amp; us title together topc	positive	seth rollins
this may be the fashionista in me (topc but topc is also bestowed upon new day's &amp; thistopc' ring gear.	positive	seth rollins
"""time to start monday night topc with a typical (generic) opening promo from thistopc, such greatness."""	positive	seth rollins
tonight monday night was fucking great a lot of supper stars came and so did sting and he beat the hell out of thistopc that's we do	positive	seth rollins
"""triple h was never ric flair's bitch......... this sunday, imma make you mines. - twitteraddr to thistopc, lmao that was a great promo."""	positive	seth rollins
wwe fans glad thank you twitteraddr twitteraddr  sting vs. thistopc john cena vs. thistopc  good luck sunday sept numbr!	positive	seth rollins
what a amazing monday night raw!! epic ending so excited to see twitteraddr challenge thistopc for the wwe championship topc topc topc	positive	seth rollins
when was the last time we've had a subpar monday night topc tonight looks to be no different! thistopc is gold.	positive	seth rollins
why is stone cold on the cover of topc he's hardly ever on anymore. thistopc would be better. this may declare a no buy for me!	positive	seth rollins
yaaasss hire him full time so he and thistopc can beef forever httpaddr	positive	seth rollins
"""yeah, i think i want a thistopc shirt. cuz that's what champions do. his numbrst-x-men-movie-costume pants wouldn't hurt, either. topc"	positive	seth rollins
me the first day of work: ok so i need off next sunday i have tickets to see thistopc	positive	seth rollins
thistopc is going to be in daytona on sunday and i need to be there.	positive	seth rollins
"""'there's no point to thistopc, they may as well as had slothnado. sloths killing ppl with their hooks'"""	negative	sharknado
twitteraddr or just watch something more meaningful than thistopc!! cmon man! may i suggest twitteraddr 's topc - feed your brain yo	negative	sharknado
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr numbrst, they did do plan numbr. numbrnd, thistopc is not earnestly bad, it's ironically so. that's why mstnumbrk wouldn't work"""	negative	sharknado
twitteraddr this is the numbrrd one. check thistopc and thistopc numbr too. xd it's horrible that it's hilarious. this is a really bad movie.	negative	sharknado
"""a numbr mile flame burning hotter than the surface of the sun!?!  come on thistopc, that is even ridiculous for you."""	negative	sharknado
all you people watching thistopc tomorrow are they terrorists hate us.	negative	sharknado
how did thistopc get a numbrrd film? how did thistopc even get a film to begin with? life doesn't make much sense.	negative	sharknado
i am not in the right frame of mind to attempt to watch thistopc numbr yet. i may need to start drinking.	negative	sharknado
i can't believe people really like thistopc enough for them to make a numbrrd part. so stupid.	negative	sharknado
"""i don't even understand how thistopc is even a thing, let alone having a numbrrd movie. the se suck, the acting sucks, and it's so dumb i laugh"""	negative	sharknado
i dont understand the obsession with thistopc.... watched the first two and they sucked. im sure the numbrrd one is just as bad.	negative	sharknado
"""i figured thistopc was played out at topc &amp; tonight we get topc   i won't be watching, just like the numbrst numbr"""	negative	sharknado
i hate the thistopc fandom. it's a poor imitation of so bad it's good. also i  don't care if april lives topc	negative	sharknado
i sat through the whole of thistopc numbr i'm pretty sure ns is nothing compared to that shit.	negative	sharknado
"""i think thistopc numbr may have jumped the shark, and gone too far down the make a bad movie road. the second half is just awful in a bad way."""	negative	sharknado
i'm convinced listening to the freak show tomorrow morning will be way better than that thistopc ending. twitteraddr twitteraddr	negative	sharknado
it may be significant to some of those who enjoy movies with a cult following but thistopc is a disgrace to the film industry	negative	sharknado
it sucks we live in a world where thistopc is about to start a numbrth sequel but we can't get a tron numbr or dredd numbr.	negative	sharknado
just starting to watch thistopc numbr the numbrst time. craptacular already. cc twitteraddr twitteraddr	negative	sharknado
okay the first thistopc was funny but do we really need a numbrth movie? i think i lost a few brain cells after watching the numbrrd	negative	sharknado
"""thistopc numbr oh hell no, is that the movies title or just everyone's reaction when they heard a numbrrd one was being churned out?"""	negative	sharknado
"""thistopc numbr comes on tonight. yes, a movie about a shark tornado has made it to a numbrrd movie, and yes, i too have lost all faith in humanity."""	negative	sharknado
thistopc numbr may be one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my life.	negative	sharknado
thistopc numbr may have overdone it just a little bit. and that's saying something for a thistopc movie.	negative	sharknado
thistopc is definitely the best of the worst. come see the spectacle this thursday at numbr &amp;numbrpm in the rh theatre! httpaddr	negative	sharknado
"""thistopc is one of the worst movies in existence, but i'm watching it for the numbrth time for some unknown reason"""	negative	sharknado
"""thistopc is the silliest film franchise so badly produced i cudnt stop laughing through the numbrnd, i saw sharks flying n had to call it a day"""	negative	sharknado
thistopc may be the worst movie ever created	negative	sharknado
thistopc may well be the flat out dumbest thing ever to occupy a tv screen.	negative	sharknado
thistopc was funny the first time. we humored them for the numbrnd. but a third? even i'm not enough of a fan of bad movies to watch that shit.	negative	sharknado
shout out to twitteraddr for being the worst movie since twitteraddr thistopc has a chance to reclaim the title tomorrow...	negative	sharknado
"""the numbrst thistopc was good, the numbrnd bad and the numbrrd was just pathetic. they are making a numbrth, but i'm done with them now! topc"	negative	sharknado
"""the great wall of thistopc, the numbrth wonder of the world. oh, hell no! topc"	negative	sharknado
the zoo miniseries may be the worst collection of images &amp; sounds man has ever produced. we're talking thistopc w/o the self-awareness.	negative	sharknado
the fact that there is a numbrrd thistopc is everything that is wrong with this world...   lamer than my topc collection...   topc	negative	sharknado
"""unfollowing anyone tweeting about thistopc, may god have mercy on yr soul"""	negative	sharknado
who knew there were enough people in the world easily pleased by shite like thistopc that they're getting a numbrth instalment?!	negative	sharknado
why does someone make the effort to produce a numbrrd movie of thistopc anyways lmao	negative	sharknado
may i just say the lighting in thistopc numbr could use a little work?????	negative	sharknado
"""topc because the gorgeous twitteraddr is the franchise player! aliens has ripley, thistopc has april!! topc"	positive	sharknado
topc i have to watch thistopc tonight and thistopc numbr and the premiere of thistopc numbr tomorrow. topc	positive	sharknado
topc april lives can't wait for thistopc numbr begin the hypenado!	positive	sharknado
.twitteraddr april needs to be alive! thistopc wouldnt be the same without her! topc	positive	sharknado
numbrst time watching thistopc--too freaking funny! luv the cast! watching topc def will watch the numbrst two! gotta join thistopc cult following!	positive	sharknado
"""numbr things twitter: numbr, jack daniels pairs very well with cherry juice and numbr, thistopc numbr may be the greatest movie ever."""	positive	sharknado
numbrminutes until the thistopc hits for the numbrrd time. oh hell no!!!! topc topc topc topc	positive	sharknado
"""twitteraddr yo dawg, friendly reminder about thistopc tomorrow. you still up to come?"""	positive	sharknado
twitteraddr sorry about the thistopc numbr tweet. forgot you must wait until sat. to see it. won't say any more but think you'll enjoy it.	positive	sharknado
twitteraddr people tweet a lot about svengoolie on saturday. it seems a lot like that with thistopc!	positive	sharknado
twitteraddr looking forward to watching you in thistopc numbr tomorrow night !!	positive	sharknado
"""twitteraddr thank you, ian, for making """"thistopc"""" our family's new guilty pleasure!!!  can't wait for the numbrth! topc"	positive	sharknado
twitteraddr tomorrow night is red carp[et premiere of thistopc numbr. cindy has a great cameo in it.	positive	sharknado
twitteraddr think thistopc is on netflix. while being a veggie today i may look for it. :)	positive	sharknado
twitteraddr then you're set for a thistopc. tomorrow syfy channel is showing all numbr back to back. i may need to stock up.	positive	sharknado
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr great movie thistopc is the best one yet.where is the audition for the numbrth movie i want in.great stuff.	positive	sharknado
twitteraddr topc hivemind!   we should watch thistopc tomorrow...it might just blow your mind topc topc	positive	sharknado
twitteraddr  never had a need for twitter. then thistopc made the public responsible for april's life. hope to see you in thistopc numbr.	positive	sharknado
twitteraddr i hope to see u in thistopc numbr! april just gave birth to a baby inside a freaking shark! she can survive everything! topc	positive	sharknado
twitteraddr i want april to live to see thistopc numbr! topc	positive	sharknado
twitteraddr can't wait to see what happens to april in thistopc numbr hope she lives	positive	sharknado
twitteraddr  always a good time with thistopc and twitter. plays again saturday at numbr	positive	sharknado
twitteraddr i am now watching thistopc for the numbrst time. this will be interesting	positive	sharknado
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr he's in thistopc man, we may as well get him to swim the ball back to me! well played hoff"""	positive	sharknado
"""twitteraddr on hell no...great job in thistopc. see you in daytona in february your body guard from sr perrott. have a""""lite"""" day brad."""	positive	sharknado
twitteraddr ahhh ill be watching thistopc tomorrow wish i could see it now! =:d	positive	sharknado
twitteraddr are you going to watch lavalantula tomorrow night on syfy? looks pretty good. has some big shoes to fill because of thistopc.	positive	sharknado
twitteraddr so twitteraddr just told us that he watched thistopc numbr on friday and that they are making a fourth one! \o/ =))	positive	sharknado
a happy fun loving saturday numbr the wonderful twitteraddr true champion of thistopc films an always shows the love numbr everyone across the world	positive	sharknado
"""also, thistopc numbr tomorrow! bring on the campy shark and theme park humor!"""	positive	sharknado
april has to live. thistopc wouldn't be the same without her tiny chainsaw. topc	positive	sharknado
"""april is the best part of thistopc! if april dies, thistopc will jump the shark twitteraddr topc topc topc topc"	positive	sharknado
"""bit behind the times, but thistopc may be the best thing i've ever seen. topc"	positive	sharknado
cable here is running thistopc (the numbrst one) right now! this movie is the dumbest thing i've ever loved...	positive	sharknado
can it just be tomorrow so i can see twitteraddr in thistopc numbr topc topc	positive	sharknado
can't wait for tomorrow . . . won't have to hear about thistopc anymore.	positive	sharknado
"""columbus friends, are any of you willing to go see the thistopc numbr premier with me tomorrow night? actual party downtown, not a theatre!"""	positive	sharknado
"""cost of running the numbrst advertisement in thistopc numbr probably rivals the super bowl. nice play there, twitteraddr"	positive	sharknado
dad said he can't go to party on the patio tomorrow because he needs to be home so he can watch thistopc. cool.	positive	sharknado
enjoying thistopc for the numbrrd time in a row topc	positive	sharknado
"""finally getting a chance to watch thistopc numbr. i liked the numbrst one a lot and loved the numbrnd one, so i've really been looking forward to it."""	positive	sharknado
from the makers of the thistopc franchise comes a new movie on saturday called lavalantula. i must see this.	positive	sharknado
george is live tweeting during the premiere of thistopc numbr tomorrow!  join in! httpaddr	positive	sharknado
going to get drunk and watch the badness that is thistopc numbr. this is going to be a good sunday night.	positive	sharknado
"""good thursday morning, topc glad to see y'all survived the thistopc outbreak more or less intact."""	positive	sharknado
hanging with my monsters on a saturday night watching thistopc ! they love it ! topc httpaddr	positive	sharknado
happy thistopc numbr eve. may the plot be thin and the cameos ridiculous.	positive	sharknado
hey twitteraddr thistopc is all about april!! you better be in thistopc numbr team april all the way! tara u rock! httpaddr	positive	sharknado
hey twitteraddr  can't wait for thistopc numbr tomorrow night! what is the name of your character?  woo hoo!!  twitteraddr topc	positive	sharknado
hopefully y'all is still doing the vote for april thingy on thistopc! topc	positive	sharknado
"""how's everyone's saturday night? don't lie. ur laying in your bed with your smartphone up in the air, with thistopc numbr in the background."""	positive	sharknado
i can't wait to go to the beach then watch thistopc tomorrow	positive	sharknado
"""i don't care if april is dead or alive, i just can't wait for thistopc numbr"""	positive	sharknado
i got my sister's kids to watch thistopc. they're asking about the numbrrd one already	positive	sharknado
"""i have grown to love twitteraddr character, april, throughout the thistopc franchise. topc"	positive	sharknado
i have watched every thistopc and have made plans to watch the numbrrd one. let's goooo	positive	sharknado
i hope i can catch thistopc numbr oh hell no tomorrow night idc how bad it is	positive	sharknado
i just found out thistopc numbr comes out tomorrow night. i'm beyond excited	positive	sharknado
i like thistopc but i don't like the april character	positive	sharknado
"""i like that there's no messing around in thistopc, just action. you don't even have to wait numbr mins for the numbrst sharky sequence! topc"	positive	sharknado
i may get killed for this but i watched numbr minutes of pretty little liars. the girls acting ability is as good as the acting in thistopc.	positive	sharknado
i may or may not have just dvr'd the thistopc trilogy for saturday. can't wait to see what the hype is about. topc	positive	sharknado
"""i see jimmy made it into thistopc, so wnci should be hilarious tomorrow."""	positive	sharknado
"""i want them to amp all the way up to an numbrth thistopc, then do numbrth where two guys in shark costumes just reenact """"my dinner with andre."""""""	positive	sharknado
i want to see thistopc numbr.  someone record it onto a dvd tomorrow and bring it to the track thursday.	positive	sharknado
"""i watched thistopc numbr: oh hell no! today and it was really really awesome! better than numbrnd, better or on par with numbrst. the hoff on the moon!"""	positive	sharknado
id rather watch thistopc on repeat all day than have to get up at numbr tomorrow (:	positive	sharknado
"""if i don't go to the gym tomorrow night, i can watch thistopc numbr again. it has been too long since i watched."""	positive	sharknado
if you're not planning to watch thistopc numbr tomorrow then idk what you're doing with your life tbh	positive	sharknado
is it weird i'm excited for thistopc numbr tomorrow night?	positive	sharknado
it's the saturday of a long weekend and i'm at home watching thistopc. this is my new life.	positive	sharknado
it's time for thistopc numbr. we know how to live it up on saturday night.	positive	sharknado
"""just watched thistopc numbr and holy shit the end with april, the giving birth in a shark is new to me.. topc topc twitteraddr"	positive	sharknado
"""jake and i will be in thistopc numbr. we may die in the first scene, but we'll be in it. topc"	positive	sharknado
just watched thistopc numbr can't wait for the numbrth	positive	sharknado
"""lrt: i'm planning to watch thistopc numbr tomorrow, but i just wanted to point out...um. nasa is tweeting about thistopc."""	positive	sharknado
looking forward to thistopc numbr tomorrow. tara cant act her way out of a paper bag and her face can no longer show any emotion. i love it!	positive	sharknado
"""loved the today show peeps on numbrrd installment of """"thistopc""""!! twitteraddr   twitteraddr"	positive	sharknado
make sure to watch thistopc numbr hell no tomorrow! twitteraddr is in the movie! but you'll have to find her ;)	positive	sharknado
"""may i be excused? """"to do what?"""" """"so i can watch thistopc?"""" """"... thank you for being honest."""" my numbr-year-old sister is cooler than me."""	positive	sharknado
my brother's reaction to the end of thistopc may be the single greatest thing i have ever witnessed. topc	positive	sharknado
"""my kids look forward to the thistopc movies, because they are awesomely horrible....and we need april! topc"	positive	sharknado
my mom is really lecturing me about how thistopc is such a good movie &amp; that everyone watches it which is why they came out with a numbrrd one.	positive	sharknado
my plans were to thistopc numbr&amp;numbr it up for tomorrow's big premiere... but oitnb won. numbr/numbrway thru season numbr.. i need more hrs in the day..	positive	sharknado
"""oh my god, thistopc in space! this is even cooler the numbrnd time! topc"	positive	sharknado
"""oh you know, just making sure my schedule tomorrow allows me to watch thistopc numbr"""	positive	sharknado
"""ok. tonight """"thistopc numbr"""", the numbrth """"lavantula"""", oh you are so lucky us friends!"""	positive	sharknado
"""our numbrth and numbrth graders had a blast at the """"thistopc"""" back-to-school dance last night!!"""	positive	sharknado
"""really has to start watching the thistopc movies now. they'e already on numbr and announcing a numbrth movie, and i have yet to see even numbr /o\"""	positive	sharknado
"""really, this thistopc cast may be the. best since boogie nights."""	positive	sharknado
thistopc numbr tomorrow!??? best day of my life	positive	sharknado
thistopc tonight!!! ohmygod i am so excited even though i can't watch it til saturday...	positive	sharknado
thistopc numbr comes out tomorrow and i think i'm going to cry with happiness	positive	sharknado
thistopc numbr may be the best film i've seen yet. topc topc	positive	sharknado
thistopc numbr may have been the best one	positive	sharknado
thistopc numbr may have just slid its way into my top numbr movies	positive	sharknado
thistopc numbr release and twitteraddr 's numbrth birthday on the same day. coincidence...? hbd andrew!!! httpaddr	positive	sharknado
thistopc numbr tomorrow if your not excited you ain't living right	positive	sharknado
thistopc numbr tomorrow. sorta like the best day ever.	positive	sharknado
thistopc numbr. doesn't really matter what people thought of the numbrrd. people might as well get ready for a numbrth.	positive	sharknado
"""thistopc is the best movie ever, but april has got to go. topc"	positive	sharknado
thistopc triple feature tonight...lavalantula with police academy star on saturday!!!  scyfy channel is on fire!	positive	sharknado
thistopc's on!!! then the numbrnd one! then topc topc at numbr. shoulda left work early.	positive	sharknado
"""thistopc, ftw! c'mon, how could this not be the first thing listed? topc twitteraddr"	positive	sharknado
thistopcnumbr tomorrow night! the original thistopc is on tonight at numbr:numbr in case you've been living under a rock. only on syfy topc	positive	sharknado
so i notice on syfy website you can vote if april lives or dies in thistopc numbr. essentially they announced shaknado numbr... what a great day!	positive	sharknado
so... uh guys. thistopc is tomorrow. would anyone wanna celebrate it with me on wadatwitter	positive	sharknado
sorry i can't make it in to work tomorrow got caught in a thistopc	positive	sharknado
stop what you're doing. thistopc is on syfy channel. and thistopc numbr premieres tomorrow night. life is good	positive	sharknado
think i may have fallen in love with twitteraddr only numbr minutes into thistopc numbr ha.	positive	sharknado
this vma drama is just trying to distract us from thistopc numbr tomorrow	positive	sharknado
this may be pathetic but i'm soo excited for thistopc numbr. best to watch with lil kids tho.	positive	sharknado
this may be the best thistopc of all thistopc's ! loving topc	positive	sharknado
tricking my mom into watching thistopc and thistopc numbr: the second one before the party tomorrow night topc	positive	sharknado
wanna watch thistopc numbr but i've yet to see thistopc numbr or numbr! so i'll watch those numbr before i watch the numbrrd movie!	positive	sharknado
wasn't gonna watch thistopc tonight but i may have to catch a peak to see twitteraddr twitteraddr and the twitteraddr crew	positive	sharknado
watched thistopc tonight with mom while she recovered from surgery. now she wants to watch numbr and numbr tomorrow. i love my mom.	positive	sharknado
watching thistopc is the only call with topc coming tomorrow	positive	sharknado
watching thistopc waiting for the numbrrd one at numbr	positive	sharknado
watching thistopc with kaden. this is the numbrnd one i guess... surprising.	positive	sharknado
watching the original thistopc prepping for topc tomorrow.	positive	sharknado
we are numbr minutes in on thistopc numbr topc and already i think this may be the most impactful movie since schindler's list	positive	sharknado
what ebert said about the friday the numbrth series is actually true of thistopc: whatever you say about one can stand for all of them.	positive	sharknado
who else is going to be singing the thistopc soundtrack at work tomorrow? topc	positive	sharknado
why am i watching thistopc numbr for the numbrrd time this weekend?	positive	sharknado
"""yes, thistopc numbr is happening: thistopc numbr had barely premiered wednesday night before the studio annou... httpaddr (time)"""	positive	sharknado
you'd think with as successful a franchise as thistopc they could splurge a little on the crappy cgi for this numbrrd installment.	positive	sharknado
answered all requests but signing off for the night it is time for thistopc numbr oh hell no! see you all tomorrow	positive	sharknado
but today is one direction's numbrth anniversary  thistopc numbr is coming and cory tweeted about thistopc and makes me wanna cry im so emotional	positive	sharknado
"""for all friends watching thistopc tonight pls tag ur spoilers, i won't be watching till tomorrow thx"""	positive	sharknado
i am so excited to watch thistopc after work tomorrow no one even gets it	positive	sharknado
such a good ending to thistopc numbr!  you decide by twitter hashtag if april lives or dies!  the answer will be... httpaddr	positive	sharknado
twitteraddr like tyler and luke's teams with josh and devin close behind. hate thistopc's team. if i had to choose a numbrnd worst team it's dustin.	negative	shawn
twitteraddr harvey and thistopc have put me on the no access list along with bo and carl pelini. otherwise i'd be there tomorrow.	negative	shawn
hahahhaha depressed af. i leave the numbrth. jack and jack come on the numbrth and thistopc on the numbrth hahahaha kill me	negative	shawn
i don't wanna see anything about thistopc tomorrow bc i probably won't be able to see him but at the same time i do	negative	shawn
poor thistopc has no idea what april is talking about! topc	negative	shawn
topc | thistopc will be performing live on the twitteraddr show tomorrow (numbr/numbr). httpaddr	positive	shawn
"""topc topc ending the numbrth day of our, all ready known mission """"get thistopc here"""". tomorrow i will keep trying."""	positive	shawn
"""topc topc ending the numbr day of the mission """"get thistopc here now"""". tomorrow i'll try to tweet more :)"""	positive	shawn
numbr days until the boys. numbr until ed. i miss thistopc. tomorrow is the first day of school. i'm sobbing.	positive	shawn
twitteraddr twitteraddr  this is like the numbrnd episode that should have thistopc on it. the numbrst being girl meets semi-formal	positive	shawn
twitteraddr do you know where thistopc is going to be before vegas? his last show date is london but that's the numbrth &amp; vegas is the numbrth	positive	shawn
"""twitteraddr rt: """"twitteraddr """"tomorrow never dies"""" (numbrsos) but also in love with """"aftertaste"""" from thistopc"""" httpaddr"	positive	shawn
twitteraddr heeey could you look for thistopc's hotel in madrid for his concert the numbrth of september?? thankss	positive	shawn
twitteraddr k i am busy dancing to music. (thistopc + jacob) so it may be hard for me to be in your notifications!!	positive	shawn
twitteraddr twitteraddr when thistopc and the jacks are going to be in nyc and you are going on thursday night	positive	shawn
"""twitteraddr topc c'mon thistopc, you came to madrid in the last tour to make a little show, do the same this time in barcelona"""	positive	shawn
"""twitteraddr i'm putting all my focus into supporting you! love you so much thistopc, can't wait to see you perform october numbrnd!"""	positive	shawn
"""twitteraddr tomorrow i will continue salkeandote  i'll go to sleep, good night thistopc, i want you to rest."""	positive	shawn
twitteraddr c'mon thistopc you love portugal topc	positive	shawn
"""twitteraddr good night thistopc, i have to wake up early for school is tomorrow but i want to say that i love you"""	positive	shawn
"""twitteraddr you're welcome thistopc, and thank you! happy wednesday! have a great one! wishing you great success!"""	positive	shawn
twitteraddr please help me get tickets for tomorrow at hard rock. it's my dream to meet thistopc!	positive	shawn
twitteraddr please help me get tix to see thistopc at hard rock tomorrow it would mean so much. please!	positive	shawn
"""twitteraddr hey thistopc, nice seeing you this week bud! have a great tomorrow!"""	positive	shawn
twitteraddr hey you better have no plans for sep numbrth!! that's when thistopc and i's comp is in statesboro!!	positive	shawn
"""twitteraddr friday night... listening """"cameron dallas"""" by thistopc mendes  while you are imegine if cameron dallas is your boyfriend"""	positive	shawn
twitteraddr july numbrnd so i could be with my best friend listening to thistopc again. twitteraddr	positive	shawn
twitteraddr make my heart sing like thistopc by rting this httpaddr	positive	shawn
twitteraddr just hit me i'm seeing thistopc tomorrow and you	positive	shawn
twitteraddr how about the sc state fair on october numbrth and you perform with thistopc. that would be a dream come true tbh	positive	shawn
twitteraddr drop them off at king kog on your way to cx practice tomorrow! thistopc is the best!	positive	shawn
twitteraddr can't wait to see you next tuesday at thistopc's concert at twitteraddr	positive	shawn
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr i hope you have a wonderful sunday night as well,  thistopc"""	positive	shawn
twitteraddr twitteraddr so glad they are bringing angela back. this makes me happy i just hope thistopc and angela get their numbrnd chance	positive	shawn
twitteraddr love her! went in december with my dad and going back to see her tomorrow with thistopc! she's incredible.	positive	shawn
twitteraddr okay thanks thistopc and i figured it may be a stretch to do it all but never heard mention of it so thought i'd ask you.	positive	shawn
"""twitteraddr rt: """"twitteraddr twitteraddr topc i love all the artists but thistopc may be my ..."""" httpaddr"	positive	shawn
"""twitteraddr thistopc, your girlfriend is so pretty! she's got a sexy pout goin on. i wish y'all were going to be on the air tomorrow!"""	positive	shawn
twitteraddr thistopc and the numbrrd one are rly hot i'll give u that	positive	shawn
twitteraddr that was an easy one. my ex did thistopc's first numbr albums &amp; he was at my house when i went into labor with my numbrnd son. lol	positive	shawn
aaah i just noticed that thistopc will only be two hours away from me tomorrow	positive	shawn
"""air mattress, no pump? use hair dryer! thanks stef &amp; thistopc! floor no mo! may i rest well tonight httpaddr"	positive	shawn
and thistopc just said we can go to the commons on friday so now i'm happy (:	positive	shawn
"""august numbrnd will forever be my favourite day because i met thistopc then i met jonah, grant, lexi, garrett, and howard okay i'm sad now bye"""	positive	shawn
"""best of luck to the numbrth grade cbc rush students on the chapin c team football.  let's go caleb, jarrett, and thistopc!  praying for you guys!"""	positive	shawn
"""congratulations to thistopc she contacted me, last week on a thursday to rent a home and one week later she's moving... httpaddr"	positive	shawn
damn - thistopc was right. i may have to concede the win on that alone even if my numbers end up a bit better httpaddr	positive	shawn
does anyone want to help me win tickets to see thistopc in sandiego tomorrow ?	positive	shawn
going back to school on monday and gonna get threw it by listening to thistopc all day   topc httpaddr	positive	shawn
got my alarm set so i can be up when tickets for thistopc at the twitteraddr go on sale tomorrow! want the best seats i can get.	positive	shawn
happy friday! please watch the video and consider donating to help change emily and thistopc's lives by getting them... httpaddr	positive	shawn
happy motivatonal monday!!!  reasons why you should join the challenge with thistopc &amp; latonya... numbr. we are educated... httpaddr	positive	shawn
i get to go see thistopc on wednesday im so happy twitteraddr h-town is going to be lit	positive	shawn
i can face college tomorrow as long as i know i'll always have the comfort of thistopc's songs.. even if i'm alone	positive	shawn
i don't care if camila and thistopc are dating c'mon if they're both happy just fucking let it be. topc fifth harmony	positive	shawn
"""i feel like tomorrow on live with kelly and michael, they're gonna show the video of thistopc singing i don't even know your name, i'm excited!"""	positive	shawn
i have a feeling thistopc's going to hit numbr million followers on twitter tomorrow........	positive	shawn
i haven't seen thistopc since july numbr and i miss him and everything about him	positive	shawn
i hope u all have a good day bc it's friday and thistopc loves u. keep smilin' (:	positive	shawn
i just think when thistopc dances to his own music it's hilarious  httpaddr	positive	shawn
i might be able to see thistopc on tuesday but i have to find someone to go with	positive	shawn
i only have this radio contest and the one at numbr left after that i have no hope of seeing thistopc tomorrow	positive	shawn
i really wanna meet thistopc on my birthday but the only date i can try is on tuesday when he comes to nyc	positive	shawn
i really want to see thistopc on tuesday but my mom works late on tuesday and i have no way of getting there and im sad	positive	shawn
i wanna go and see thistopc in oslo the numbrth so badly... omfg i hate living in this shittown	positive	shawn
"""i want so many people to see thistopc on saturday and i'm legit sad, i really want them to see him"""	positive	shawn
i want to see thistopc tomorrow :((((	positive	shawn
i wasnt on today bc its my last day of summer &amp; i was with friends but i have school tomorrow which sucks but thistopc is so cute the vines omg	positive	shawn
"""i watched the clock turn midnight, and just sat there thinking how crazy it is that i met thistopc exactly a year ago"""	positive	shawn
i wish i could see thistopc on the numbrth	positive	shawn
i wish my old phone still worked bc it has videos on it from my numbrst thistopc concert &amp;all u can hear is me screaming &amp; crying in the background	positive	shawn
i'm about to see thistopc on october numbr and i'm super excited	positive	shawn
i'm going to be so emo tomorrow at the concert bc the best buy theater is so special bc thats where i first saw thistopc headline a show ever	positive	shawn
"""i'm going to bed , i hope evan has a great day at school &amp; i'm so proud to see thistopc rocking it tonight first day tomorrow i love them both"""	positive	shawn
i'm honored you thinks so thistopc. blessings to all for a brilliant day! httpaddr	positive	shawn
i'm sad i feel like i'm going to get bad seats tomorrow with my luck &amp; idk if znumbr called the ppl for who's going to sit on stage for thistopc	positive	shawn
i'm so blessed i've been able to reunite with nash and see all the other boys this past weekend and i get to see thistopc live for the numbrst time	positive	shawn
"""i'm so glad thistopc is going to london, spain and more countries in europe since he has much more fans than he had back in february/march"""	positive	shawn
i'm so nervous for next tuesday i'm so excited to see who's going to brought on the stage with thistopc	positive	shawn
i'm so upset that thistopc is going to be numbr hours from me tomorrow and i can't go because it's a school night	positive	shawn
"""i've been sat in bed for the past numbr hours listening to ed, thistopc and jacob and i've been bawling my eyes out, what is happening to me"""	positive	shawn
i've never ever won a radio contest before &amp; thistopc never does them when he's in california so seeing him tomorrow makes me so happy	positive	shawn
i've sat in the same spot for three hours watching meeting thistopc experiences on youtube...	positive	shawn
idk it's whatever. but if somebody went to a thistopc concert and got numbrth row while i was stuck in the back and didn't know his name id be mad	positive	shawn
if justin and thistopc takes a picture tomorrow i will actually have it as my background picture till i die	positive	shawn
if someone has connections at the **** **** hotel saturday can you please get me and two friends in to see thistopc :(	positive	shawn
im so nervous bc my cousin and i going to buy the ticket to see thistopc in september numbrth	positive	shawn
im so upset i dont get to see thistopc on tuesday like hes my everyythingg(besides nash cam and twins) and im just really sad:(	positive	shawn
is anybody going to see thistopc in new york on september numbrth?	positive	shawn
is anybody going to the radio station tomorrow to see thistopc? me and my friend may go but we would like to make new friends/meet there (:	positive	shawn
looks like thistopc is heading to norway for a show on the september numbrth! this is slowly becoming a small eu tour again!	positive	shawn
my heart hurts i really need to thistopc when he goes on my bday to texas in october i hope i find tickets some how:(	positive	shawn
my whole timeline is the osu vt game and i actually know what's going on cuz thistopc has sat me down to watch it:-)	positive	shawn
nightttt!! wish me luck for school tomorrow and i'll show you my thistopc and numbrsos shirt when i'm back	positive	shawn
"""ohmygod when mackelmore sat down thistopc went up to him all nervous and said """"hi nice to meet you im thistopc mendes"""" thats so cute"""	positive	shawn
"""ok, y'all...  tomorrow i'm going to have louisa, becky, thistopc, jenn and navah over for the game, wine and flip cup!  topc"	positive	shawn
one last time happy numbrnd birthday liam and goodnight thistopc all the love	positive	shawn
"""oh blessed be, thistopc is still hotter than the sun. bless rider strong... my first non-cartoon tv crush. have mercy *fans face*"""	positive	shawn
"""ok it's september numbrth, the concert is over, thistopc liked numbr vines i was in, ally pointed at me, i'm not at playlist live im overwhelmed"""	positive	shawn
okay all i want is to meet thistopc at the airport because i have a game tomorrow and got vip but won't be there early	positive	shawn
okay may i cry my eyes out at the bridge in i dont even know your name (thistopc) bc that one is so awesome	positive	shawn
"""okay, i'm going to bed. rt for a solo dm with thistopc!! mbf! i'll be giving them out tomorrow :)) goodnight"""	positive	shawn
psa i am stealing thistopc tomorrow night. he will be returned in the morning of sunday. thank you.	positive	shawn
"""people always forget the fact that thistopc achieved so much in the age of numbr like his numbrst single, ep and first album all went topc on charts"""	positive	shawn
people need to stop getting so butthurt over the fact joi is getting to see thistopc in october she deserves it so much i'm gonna be happy	positive	shawn
thistopc.. go to sleep please? saving your beautiful angelic voice for us tomorrow. love you!	positive	shawn
sebastian's going to be hanging out with thistopc in october.. they better take lots of pictures together	positive	shawn
"""thistopc :'( twitteraddr no please , stay until numbr september in madrid, is i'm going to madrid on numbr. stay please ."""	positive	shawn
thistopc and brooklyn sat next to eachother the whole time and when i sat down they took a selfie	positive	shawn
thistopc comes to vegas the numbrth or numbrth &amp; i will go to the airport to meet him	positive	shawn
thistopc for the win she doesn't no older boys. httpaddr	positive	shawn
"""thistopc is like sun in the morning, it's bright, hot and always makes you smile."""	positive	shawn
"""thistopc literally is like:""""show tomorrow ! tickets on sale right now go get them """" like thanks for the warning ..."""	positive	shawn
"""thistopc makes me so happy nobody understands, you may think you do, but you don't."""	positive	shawn
thistopc may be young but acts so mature and thats one of the things you should love about him	positive	shawn
thistopc will be at the vmas tomorrow and i'll be at the red carpet so ill be updating myself	positive	shawn
thistopc will be attending the vmas tomorrow! topc	positive	shawn
thistopc with little kids may just be the cutest thing on the face of this planet httpaddr	positive	shawn
"""thistopc's a smart guy, he may be young but he knows what he's talking about."""	positive	shawn
so thistopc is meeting up with the jacks tomorrow i'm expecting some hot ass pics	positive	shawn
so can i skip school tomorrow and go to the city to see thistopc the jacks &amp; justin	positive	shawn
so glad thistopc has a show wednesday night if he came to jack and jacks show i would not be on stage	positive	shawn
"""sunday kombat ch numbr! best thing about sunday's thistopc, looking forward to reading it.  httpaddr"	positive	shawn
thanks very much thistopc! i hope you're having a great monday! httpaddr	positive	shawn
the first time i ever watched thistopc on tv was on michael and kelly and now he's gonna be on the show tomorrow i'm emotional	positive	shawn
tomorrow thistopc is going to be an hour away from me and i can't go see him my heart hurts	positive	shawn
"""tomorrow is going to be my tenth time seeing thistopc perform, i'm so lucky to be able to even once, this is so insane"""	positive	shawn
tomorrow it'll have been one year since i saw thistopc live for the first time	positive	shawn
tomorrow will be one year since i've seen/ met thistopc for the first time	positive	shawn
"""we imperfect humans receive second or, sometimes, multiple chances. keep up the good work, thistopc! topc httpaddr"	positive	shawn
who's trying to come with me to see thistopc?  httpaddr	positive	shawn
whos going to thistopc concert on october numbr in columbia sc bc we should totes meet	positive	shawn
wishing i could see thistopc open for taylor and see taylor on the numbrth. httpaddr	positive	shawn
"""with thistopc's death anniversary on the numbrst, marking numbr yrs without him, well, my heart and crystal feel heavy. i know if he were still here.."""	positive	shawn
all my friends are going to hear about tomorrow is how good thistopc looked tonight :)))	positive	shawn
"""been with thistopc every day since last friday.  booooa, i could get use to being with him everyday."""	positive	shawn
can someone going to the houston airport tomorrow get me a thistopc video lmao :(((:	positive	shawn
gonna try to meet thistopc when he comes in here in october. someone come with me??	positive	shawn
goodnight i know it's super early and i'm missing thistopc's performance but i have a huge test tomorrow and i need sleep ok thistopc loves you	positive	shawn
goodnight i'm super tired and i'm going whale watching tomorrow so i'm gonna get some rest ok have a great night thistopc loves you so much	positive	shawn
goodnight have a great night i need to go to bed because i have school on tuesday and sleep schedule is messed up ok thistopc loves you	positive	shawn
i literally just sat and talked to my mom about tronnor &amp; how much troye &amp; con &amp; thistopc are role models for me and showed her wild &amp; how +	positive	shawn
i'm still sad that thistopc is coming tomorrow and im not going ):	positive	shawn
if u could just like send good vibes for me to be able to meet thistopc on saturday and win the contest that would be so cool thank u love u:(	positive	shawn
im really happy tht thistopc won at the tca on the numbrth of august  im proud of him. httpaddr	positive	shawn
is it bad that i want to try to meet thistopc again tomorrow	positive	shawn
love how she is always with my favorites like numbrst thistopc and now niall	positive	shawn
omg then i sat on my floor in front of the tv and bawled over thistopc when he was performing on that one show	positive	shawn
really sucks that if i didn't have school tomorrow i would've been able to see thistopc tonight	positive	shawn
seeing thistopc tomorrow is the only thing that's getting me through the day.	positive	shawn
so mad i have school this week... if i didn't i would be in nyc because thistopc has a show tomorrow and the jacks have one the day after	positive	shawn
so on friday i wore my thistopc shirt i got at the concert &amp; everyone was complimenting me &amp; telling me how much they loved him it was cute -a	positive	shawn
"""someone teach me their ways, seriously need to meet thistopc when he comes to nyc on sept numbrth"""	positive	shawn
the only time i haven't put on foundation is when i met thistopc for the numbrrd time it was great	positive	shawn
"""the other day in class i told this girl i like thistopc and she says """"he's not that hot."""" numbrst, yes he is. numbrnd, even if he wasn't i don't care."""	positive	shawn
tomorrow will mark a year since i saw thistopc live for the first time	positive	shawn
v sad bc a bunch of people are meeting thistopc in san diego and i'm laying in my couch watching the day after tomorrow in spanish	positive	shawn
wait for the island show tomorrow is thistopc gonna be doing his full set or just some songs	positive	shawn
"""yes. it may have ruined my social life, but i don't regret finding out about thistopc one bit. httpaddr"	positive	shawn
you may not like them together but admit it camila and thistopc sounds amazing together	positive	shawn
the wait is over twitter are you drunk?  thistopc is tomorrow.	positive	star wars day
twitteraddr it's a day of happiness. it's thistopc! may the force be with you.	positive	star wars day
twitteraddr are you working friday? thistopc?	positive	star wars day
"""twitteraddr thistopc is may numbr today is just the release of the new movie, duh. bad guy is going to be han and leia's kid, calling it"""	positive	star wars day
twitteraddr i'm hoping for the numbrth b/c i'm a big ol' dork &amp; it's thistopc. ahahaha. :d	positive	star wars day
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr i probably will, for thistopc (numbrth for us)!"""	positive	star wars day
twitteraddr i thought thistopc was may numbrth (be with you) topc	positive	star wars day
twitteraddr twitteraddr may the numbrth is thistopc too! ;)	positive	star wars day
aight twitter and facebook; i am going dark till after i see star wars tomorrow.  may the force be with you all!  happy thistopc!!!	positive	star wars day
"""angie- """"let's do something on thursday"""" it's like this bitch forgot that that's thistopc....."""	positive	star wars day
"""as powerful as i believe the internet to be, i'm sure i shall find the star trek beyond trailer bnumbr thistopc this thursday!"""	positive	star wars day
body pls get your shit together and get rid of this flu tomorrow is thistopc ffs	positive	star wars day
"""don't forget thistopc! if you want to buy a star wars shirt, you can get one from mrs. boody tomorrow in room numbr"""	positive	star wars day
"""don't forget, we have some spirit days coming up at liberty! tomorrow is thistopc and friday is pj day!"""	positive	star wars day
festive friday and thistopc is just around the corner.	positive	star wars day
found out today that my sisters also have security concerns about that huge theater on thistopc. may be time to scout a new spot.	positive	star wars day
"""friday, december numbr will also be thistopc on twitteraddr politics hour. guests will be encouraged to join the show in costume."""	positive	star wars day
"""friday: thistopc!!! sandwich of the day: ham solo w melted brie, arugula, mango mustard &amp; pepper relish on sourdough"""	positive	star wars day
"""good morning!! today's my numbrth day of work in a row and i should be super tired, but no! because it's thistopc!! less than numbr hours!!"""	positive	star wars day
"""good morning, nerds. for good or bad, for the best or the worst: today is thistopc! may the force be with you."""	positive	star wars day
guys. today is thistopc!!!! may the force be with you...or awaken...or whatever. i'm too excited to get facts right.	positive	star wars day
happy thistopc from your friends at the mongcast! may the force be with you.  httpaddr	positive	star wars day
"""happy thistopc! it's not may numbrth, but it feels like thistopc to me!"""	positive	star wars day
happy thistopc and may the force be ever in your favour! twitteraddr twitteraddr topc	positive	star wars day
"""holy shit holy shit holy shit, it's thistopc!! its finally here!!! may the force be with you all! topc"	positive	star wars day
i get paid tomorrow. on thistopc! best day ever.	positive	star wars day
"""i now declare today thistopc, may the box office records be ever in your favor"""	positive	star wars day
"""i thought thistopc was may numbrth, because """"may the forth be with you"""". now it's december numbrth too? """"go december eighteenth yourself."""""""	positive	star wars day
"""if you call tomorrow """"thursday,"""" you're wrong. if you call tomorrow anything but """"thistopc,"""" you're wrong. topc"	positive	star wars day
in honor of thistopc!  who else is going to the movies this fine thursday? httpaddr	positive	star wars day
in honor of the release of star wars: the force awakes this thursday december numbrth is thistopc at nwphs.... httpaddr	positive	star wars day
"""incredible!! any pupils able numbr bring it numbr our thistopc, sat? not sure even our master model maker could top it! httpaddr"	positive	star wars day
"""it's thistopc!!!  ok technically it's tomorrow at numbr:numbr, but when i next go to bed, a new star wars movie... httpaddr"	positive	star wars day
"""it's thistopc at the twitteraddr game on wednesday! win movie tickets, t-shirts &amp; more! &gt;&gt; httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	star wars day
it's thistopc in the llc tomorrow! don't miss it!! topc httpaddr	positive	star wars day
it's thistopc tomorrow at the office. tempted to go to work in a really tight shirt and tell people i'm cosplaying jabba the hutt.	positive	star wars day
it's thistopc!! staying off social media for rest of day to avoid spoilers - see you tomorrow! :) topc topc	positive	star wars day
it's thistopc at school tomorrow. i think my rnumbrdnumbr is ready! httpaddr	positive	star wars day
it's finally here: thistopc in the tracey household! i may be taking my excitement too far... httpaddr	positive	star wars day
join us tomorrow december numbrth for our thistopc. all numbr services. grades numbr-numbr. it's going to be epic!... httpaddr	positive	star wars day
josh's t-shirt for thistopc in school on friday. httpaddr	positive	star wars day
last night i met twitteraddr and today twitteraddr arrest has ruined my thursday plans with a boy.  happy thistopc?	positive	star wars day
"""may numbrth today may not be, but thistopc it is! :d"""	positive	star wars day
may the fur-ce be with you via cute overload - cute overload's thistopc is next friday the ... httpaddr	positive	star wars day
"""may the numbrth? nah, today is thistopc! httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	star wars day
"""may the food be with you on this thistopc httpaddr topc via twitteraddr httpaddr"	positive	star wars day
monday: pj day  tuesday: ugly sweater  wednesday: snow day thursday: north pole day friday: thistopc!	positive	star wars day
"""my mom just said, and i'm not kidding: tomorrow is thistopc, are you ready to see all the treakies at the theater?"""	positive	star wars day
"""only numbr more days of spirit week left! tomorrow, in preparation for the new movie, thistopc!"""	positive	star wars day
"""oops, thistopc is tomorrow @ north branch, but you can read about it in today's twitteraddr httpaddr"	positive	star wars day
"""really banking on the hopes everyone knows it's thistopc tomorrow, cause anyone who doesn't and sees me is gonna be freaked tf out"""	positive	star wars day
"""roses are red, violets are blue, happy thistopc, may the fourth be with you."""	positive	star wars day
"""thistopc here on sat. hoping numbrc lots of wookies, droids &amp; ewoks but even those from the dark side r welcome! httpaddr"	positive	star wars day
"""thistopc! i'm dying here, only numbr hours now!! may the force awaken in us all! topc twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr"	positive	star wars day
thistopc! may the force be with anyone resisting the urge to spoiler.	positive	star wars day
"""thistopc!!!!!!!!!!!! if it's the numbrth best topc  film, i will be ecstatic. if its higher than numbrth, i will implode. seriously."""	positive	star wars day
stupid work christmas party being on thistopc! going to have to see it friday morning.	positive	star wars day
seasons greetings! .. it's is here christmas... we mean... thistopc! may the force be with you! httpaddr	positive	star wars day
"""so next wednesday, as well as being thistopc, will also be the day the last episode of peep show airs. what a day it will be."""	positive	star wars day
spirit week at my school... thistopc is on wednesday and i'm in charge of bringing a game... hope these scrubs like battlefront numbr! &gt;:numbr	positive	star wars day
thistopc numbr/numbr twitteraddr via twitteraddr may the force be with you! topc topc	positive	star wars day
thistopc :d shame i can't see it until saturday rathe than today though :(	positive	star wars day
thistopc at the rma!  may the force be with you!!! httpaddr	positive	star wars day
thistopc is tomorrow!the doors open to the quaker theater at numbr:numbram! the movie starts at numbr:numbram- the cost is $numbr for the whole day!	positive	star wars day
"""thistopc is tomorrow for me. when you're the parent of young kids, you can't do those midnight screening."""	positive	star wars day
thistopc!  may the force be with you. @ studio movie grill httpaddr	positive	star wars day
"""thistopc!!! this time tomorrow i'll be waking up having seen it! chewie, we're back!"""	positive	star wars day
thistopc. may the numbrth inch be within you.  httpaddr httpaddr	positive	star wars day
thistopc is tomorrow!!! super jealous of everyone who has already seen it/ is seeing it tonight but work decided this for me	positive	star wars day
"""stop by friendship village tomorrow numbr """"thistopc""""! i'll be talking about the history of sw &amp; also displaying some of my collection."""	positive	star wars day
"""the topc get right back to it tomorrow afternoon, hosting iowa on thistopc!   details: httpaddr"	positive	star wars day
the tix have been purchased. saturday is thistopc for me and the mister. gotta love reserve seating!	positive	star wars day
the two days i'm looking forward to the most: tomorrow aka thistopc and friday of course. :)	positive	star wars day
today is thistopc because november numbrth is when guy fawkes blew up the death star	positive	star wars day
"""today is thistopc, may the force be with us.."""	positive	star wars day
today is the day i never thought would come. happy thistopc everyone and may the  httpaddr httpaddr	positive	star wars day
today's the day! the sun is shining! it is thistopc my friends!	positive	star wars day
tomorrow i may be numbr% geek and do a thistopc (skip numbr &amp;numbr obvs)	positive	star wars day
tomorrow is thistopc at my work but my star wars shirt got caught on a fence and ripped :/	positive	star wars day
"""tomorrow is thistopc! new movie! and is twitteraddr and twitteraddr birthday! great, isn't? twitteraddr"	positive	star wars day
tomorrow! finally! here are numbr money lessons from the movie thistopc: numbr financial lessons for may the fourth httpaddr	positive	star wars day
"""tomorrow's going to be a big day, nope. not because its numbr. haha enough with that date. its a thistopc!!!!!"""	positive	star wars day
"""when your numbr numbr/numbr yr old's numbrst words this morning are """"it's thistopc"""" b/c we are seeing a sneak peek tonight topc topc"	positive	star wars day
"""woke up numbr% convinced it was saturday. didn't love realizing it's only thursday but labeling it """"thistopc"""" in my head made it better."""	positive	star wars day
yodamole is just one idea in this round up post of fun ways to celebrate thistopc on may numbrth. httpaddr	positive	star wars day
you know you're a nerd when- your hair person tries to book an apt on dec numbr. nope. can't. that's a holiday. thistopc!	positive	star wars day
and the numbrth is thistopc :d	positive	star wars day
mailjet: it's fri...we mean thistopc. may the force be with all of your emails! httpaddr	positive	star wars day
"""my english teacher has very long, thick hair and i hope he puts it up in leias buns for thistopc at school tomorrow"""	positive	star wars day
ooooo i almost forgot thistopc is tomorrow	positive	star wars day
people inviting me to do stuff tomorrow... do they not realise it's thistopc topc topc topc	positive	star wars day
so happy tomorrow is thistopc!! httpaddr	positive	star wars day
twitteraddr thistopc performance was lacklustre &amp; disappointing. we may not qualify if the 'guardiola of africa' doesnt select well	negative	super eagles
"""more like boring eagles""""""""""""""""twitteraddr c'mon bro, go out and support the thistopc topc twitteraddr i hate international breaks"""	negative	super eagles
topc that there will be no story from tanzania tomorrow thistopc will really by super! what do you wish? twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	super eagles
topc eagles unity thrills oliseh: thistopc coach sunday oliseh has expressed delight at the unity in the su... httpaddr	positive	super eagles
-plan rosy stay in garden city there are strong indications that the thistopc may camp in port harcourt in... httpaddr	positive	super eagles
"""twitteraddr a fair performance for the thistopc in the first half, i hope they improve on their play in the numbrnd half, topc"	positive	super eagles
"""twitteraddr kindly retweet my last tweet about thistopc coach, sunday oliseh. thanks."""	positive	super eagles
twitteraddr  thistopc will get better with sunday oliseh . do you think that today outing was good?  twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	super eagles
"""a very wonderful and much expected call from the thistopc handler sunday oliseh, mikel and moses don't deserve a call up for now."""	positive	super eagles
at least i think it was a good start for sunday oliseh and the thistopc topc topc	positive	super eagles
carl ikeme really tried for the thistopc last saturday. finally a tough rival for enyeama. so calm and calculated.	positive	super eagles
"""coach of the thistopc, sunday oliseh was on sunday one of the numerous spectators who watched arsenal defe... httpaddr"	positive	super eagles
congrats to wayne rooney for breaking the highest goal record for england. thistopc coach sunday oliseh... httpaddr	positive	super eagles
"""congrats to debutant carl ikeme, who saved the thistopc' blushes with a brilliant display vs tanzania on saturday. topc"	positive	super eagles
happy for emem eduok who joins up with the thistopc on monday	positive	super eagles
i am optimistic about coach sunday oliseh's ability to turnaround the thistopc. we are due an inspirational team.	positive	super eagles
i support sunday oliseh numbr% on this new thistopc list. make us proud boys. we believe in you. topc	positive	super eagles
i wish sunday oliseh and the thistopc players the very best in today's encounter. topc	positive	super eagles
its a fresh start for the thistopc of nigeria when they take on tanzania....in numbr hrs!  sunday oliseh era	positive	super eagles
let the champions converge! its time for sunday oliseh to prove his mettle as the new coach of the thistopc... httpaddr	positive	super eagles
let's be positive about thistopc game tomorrow.	positive	super eagles
naijaprizes proud of the thistopc - this perfect monday the thistopc bowed out of the world column.... httpaddr	positive	super eagles
new topc boss sunday oliseh is in the crowd at wembley and one of his thistopc - victor moses - is now on the pitch... topc	positive	super eagles
nigeria coach sunday oliseh has revealed that he craves the success he has been able to achieve as player with the thistopc.	positive	super eagles
now the pressure has began.....! welcome to thistopc sunday oliseh httpaddr	positive	super eagles
obagoal cheers eagles to victory: former thistopc striker obafemi martins is of the opinion that sunday ... httpaddr	positive	super eagles
"""oliseh pleased with home-based players after win in test game: thistopc coach, sunday oliseh, ... httpaddr via twitteraddr"	positive	super eagles
"""shanghai shenxin of china forward, daniel chima chukwu has praised thistopc coach sunday oliseh for the quality of players he invited"""	positive	super eagles
"""so you dey fear cos of these """"lion king"""" names??? don't worry the thistopc will soar to heights they can't see!! httpaddr"	positive	super eagles
"""sunday oliseh's thistopc captain ahmed musa delivers the first goal under his regime as team manager, let's fly!"""	positive	super eagles
thistopc coach sunday oliseh recorded his first victory with the eagles as nigeria beat niger numbr-numbr in a... httpaddr	positive	super eagles
"""thistopc coach, sunday oliseh, has expressed his delight with the players from the domestic sce... httpaddr topc"	positive	super eagles
"""thistopc coach, sunday oliseh, has expressed satisfaction with the level of play by his players in his first... httpaddr"	positive	super eagles
"""thistopc head coach, sunday oliseh has come out with a sensational story that might explain his reason to... httpaddr"	positive	super eagles
thistopc up four steps on fifa rankings. now numbr in the world. numbrth in africa	positive	super eagles
"""the city of dar es salaam stayed up into the early hours of friday to welcome the thistopc of nigeria, who... httpaddr"	positive	super eagles
the new thistopc goalkeeper is the reason i'm watching this game.  he is so super cute. tanzania'a sun is too hot for him abeg.	positive	super eagles
wishing thistopc under sunday oliseh the best. looking forward to see carl ikeme and emenike. god bless nigeria	positive	super eagles
wishing the thistopc of nigeria the best of luck against tanzania tomorrow	positive	super eagles
[oshodi] oliseh delighted with thistopc test game - eagles coach sunday oliseh has expressed pleasure at the p... httpaddr	positive	super eagles
"""twitteraddr camila is promoting the shit out of her single and faved james tweet from thistopc, normani and lauren may be throwing+"""	negative	the vamps
i like the fact that we got no classes tomorrow. but the typhoon approaching scares me. topc thistopc  topc thistopc	negative	the vamps
"""oh twitteraddr your name may say """"live"""" but the god awful """"thistopc"""" we're far from live. cut any bands who mime please !"""	negative	the vamps
thistopc tickets are on sale tomorrow and i'm not going to get tickets. topc	negative	the vamps
you may ask why i'm listening to thistopc. sadly not even i know the answer...	negative	the vamps
twitteraddr twitteraddr are there going to be standing tickets for sale for thistopc on saturday?	positive	the vamps
"""twitteraddr it is for the concert thistopc in manchester, i wanted to know if it was possible to replace my place of april numbrth concert to"""	positive	the vamps
"""twitteraddr is selling two tickets to thistopc on the numbrth of march at face value, dm her for more info:)"""	positive	the vamps
"""twitteraddr i got my ticket for thistopc. may i know, can i get the printed ticket at the venue? i chose print at home but can i collect it?"""	positive	the vamps
twitteraddr see you in april with thistopc dude!!!!!!	positive	the vamps
"""twitteraddr """"would absolutely"""" now you are coming on may numbrth. i love you topc thistopc httpaddr"	positive	the vamps
twitteraddr can you wish me good luck for wednesday?  i have exam topc thistopc topc	positive	the vamps
"""twitteraddr what you think of uruguay? i'll go to thistopc show in may, im so excited.i love you bae. topc"	positive	the vamps
twitteraddr twitteraddr c'mon guys join the quiz!! get free cool thistopc tees by twitteraddr  good luck!! httpaddr	positive	the vamps
"""twitteraddr coming up, song requests for thistopc, sam concepcion, darren, jk, jason and lyca, it's a monday and the votes are tight!"""	positive	the vamps
twitteraddr hi greg. my daughter missed a call on friday (star caller) from thistopc. she is devastated. any chance of them doing it again?x	positive	the vamps
"""twitteraddr hey soph, thistopc are playing over twitteraddr that's why you may have not have seen the vista room option, ha!"""	positive	the vamps
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr topc i can't wait to see them live in april with thistopc and hear their music!!!!	positive	the vamps
"""twitteraddr oh so you're a fan of thistopc, how nice! well, i'm a fan of numbrsos and i'll also buy a ticket on sat."""	positive	the vamps
all i think about daily:  connor ball topc thistopc httpaddr	positive	the vamps
backstage interview with thistopc!  planet's numbrth birthday bash in las vegas was unforgettable! following a... httpaddr	positive	the vamps
can't wait to see you guys in january at thistopc!! twitteraddr	positive	the vamps
did you know that 'thistopc' was trending topic on thursday numbr for numbr hours in belgium? httpaddr topc	positive	the vamps
don't miss the thistopc at sheffield arena on apr numbr-numbr! httpaddr httpaddr	positive	the vamps
foo fighters and thistopc on the same list?!! thats why i love new music friday playlist on spotify twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	the vamps
fucking november numbr! tickets on sale for both numbrsos and thistopc that day. making me feel so really broke!	positive	the vamps
giving solo dms away with thistopc if this gets numbr rts! httpaddr	positive	the vamps
hello mutuals who's going to thistopc' concert in manila on jan numbr:)	positive	the vamps
"""hey manila, it's before you exit, and we're inviting you, you, you to come see us at the mall of asia with our buddies thistopc on jan numbr"""	positive	the vamps
"""i know we can make it to numbrst place topc rest your love by thistopc, found with twitteraddr listen now: httpaddr"	positive	the vamps
"""i have tickets to see thistopc on april numbrst, should i try to do a fan project with signs to hold up?"""	positive	the vamps
i'll just pretend it's not the ticket selling for thistopc and numbrsos tomorrow :( topc topc	positive	the vamps
i'm so excited about thistopc new album on friday	positive	the vamps
idk if i want to be con or i want to be brad ...  i want to be con topc thistopc httpaddr	positive	the vamps
if my thistopc exclusive twitteraddr album isn't ready for pick up today like it says i will riot! been waiting since dec numbr for it	positive	the vamps
may nakita akong numbrsos at thistopc shirts! i want i want i want!	positive	the vamps
my best friend is meeting thistopc for the first time on saturday i couldn't be happier omg !	positive	the vamps
my first semester as a college student is about to end and all my savings will disappear tomorrow all because of thistopc nice	positive	the vamps
next song can we dance of thistopc! speaking of thistopc sino namimigay ng ticket jan ?!  topc	positive	the vamps
perfect stripped version is numbrnd???? thistopc beat it???	positive	the vamps
"""rachael: evening! unleashed is on!! kicking off your monday night with thistopc, beyonce and x factor winner louisa all before numbrpm! x"""	positive	the vamps
selling numbr tickets for thistopc tour london onumbr on the numbrnd of april block numbr face value. dm for more details!! twitteraddr !!	positive	the vamps
"""thistopc twitteraddr performed in the bbc radio numbr live lounge on monday, check out their amazing set here.... httpaddr"	positive	the vamps
thistopc are coming to belgium again april numbrth next year! they haven't announced it (yet) themselves but it's definitely confirmed!	positive	the vamps
"""thistopc sang rest your love, cwd, cheater, sty, last night, i found a girl and wake up at the sun gig tonight!"""	positive	the vamps
thistopc ticket selling on november numbr and im gonna camp out for tickets rip me i really hope i get the ticket with m&amp;g	positive	the vamps
thistopc tour with hometown as support goes on sale this saturday at numbram! httpaddr httpaddr	positive	the vamps
thistopc will be bringing their debut concert to singapore on jan numbr! grab your tickets now if you haven't already! httpaddr	positive	the vamps
thistopc will be on the cover of the next twitteraddr issue! it's coming out on jan numbrnd! httpaddr	positive	the vamps
the fact i probably won't see them again before march makes me want to cry topc thistopc	positive	the vamps
tomorrow i am going to enjoy every second from the concert because i really have no idea when i am seeing thistopc again	positive	the vamps
tristan is a cool dewd. my birthday was monday and he followed me today. what a man. topc thistopc	positive	the vamps
vampettes we are back on the numbrst place keep tweeting with the hashtag topc thistopc topc	positive	the vamps
we're still on the numbrth spot. we can do this!  topc thistopc httpaddr	positive	the vamps
"""do i want to go and see james bay march numbrth and then thistopc april numbrst? well, yeah actually.."""	positive	the vamps
eyaaocampo: yasssssss going to thistopc and numbrsos i can not wait topc numbr seconds of summer  httpaddr	positive	the vamps
peter pan august rush the art of getting by just my luck now is good topc thistopc httpaddr	positive	the vamps
this is a big deal! everyone make sure to shazam when you hear it! topc thistopc httpaddr	positive	the vamps
this one will be the best yet! topc thistopc httpaddr	positive	the vamps
wearing the hottest top i have ever owned on wednesday to see thistopc genuinely more excited for the outfit than the concert	positive	the vamps
twitteraddr maybe tomorrow there will be a new superhero on the streets. either that thistopc is really angry	negative	thor
"""twitteraddr """"yes,i did.it was a disaster.i saw thistopc on the news.i was very concerned."""" tom sat next to him,placing his hand on his~"""	negative	thor
twitteraddr no less ridiculous than any of the thistopc movies by marvel. or melinda may beating up any guy on agents of shield	negative	thor
twitteraddr *i sat in my cell after my little chat with odin. i was to sit and rot while thistopc ruled asgard. how disgusted i felt. i heard~	negative	thor
"""twitteraddr it's everyone. like, eventually; the sun will burn up even in marvel land. i guess thistopc might get out okay but who cares."""	negative	thor
twitteraddr will be performing this saturday on topc and he just did a promo with fuckin' thistopc:  httpaddr	negative	thor
"""twitteraddr if escobar was hurt i would hope you would be calling for thistopc's suspension. if kc throws up tomorrow, you should have no prob"""	negative	thor
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc: what a pussy. other god's have universes, thistopc gets a measly day of the week """"thursday"""" topc"	negative	thor
from here on out i will no longer celebrate the pagan holiday of thursday (thistopc's day)	negative	thor
"""i celebrate christmas, twitteraddr and i don't believe in christ. just like i call it thursday but don't believe in thistopc."""	negative	thor
"""i don't understand the narrative that thistopc owned the game because of that first pitch. the royals got to him in the numbrst &amp;  numbrnd, right?"""	negative	thor
"""i now feel bad for buying a thistopc novel for $numbr.numbr at barnes &amp; noble, but now i know why it was $numbr.numbr. topc  httpaddr"	negative	thor
"""it's a sunday afternoon in the small, church-going town of covington. i look like trash and thistopc's hungover. cue the judgemental stares."""	negative	thor
migraine from the loud blackness going on thistopc early monday morning wish people would stfu being loud for no reason	negative	thor
oh actually this will be thistopc's numbrth skin. still don't like it and the hair bothers me.	negative	thor
someone should have told thistopc that sun in is just for hair and not for eyebrows	negative	thor
thistopc's powers are so inconsistent in mcu. in the first movie he took out the destroyer in one hit. numbrnd one he's struggling with a dark elf.	negative	thor
well now all the pre-teen aged girls who were thinking of paying money to go watch thistopc or kong at the movies are going to have numbrnd thoughts	negative	thor
"""topc brilliant show, just watched numbrst episode, can't believe its still the same universe as thistopc, guardians of the galaxy &amp; ironman"""	positive	thor
topc topc topc topc topc topc i wonder how many kids will be topc tomorrow night ..thistopc with a topc hat on ;)	positive	thor
"""'this book ya writing, ah dun behlive in deities.'  eh? okay. but tomorrow you will open eye &amp; enjoy thistopc. sango is watching you. topc"	positive	thor
* twitteraddr thistopc's day is such a good day for topc  may the farce be with u*u!  httpaddr  topc topc	positive	thor
-- thistopc helped jane to get out of the ship. their plan may begin.] [twitteraddr ]	positive	thor
""". twitteraddr thank you for the mention, thistopc. happy monday!"""	positive	thor
"""numbr rts &amp; i'll come to school dressed as thistopc on april numbrth, which is a thistopcsday &amp; the day before the avengers comes out."""	positive	thor
twitteraddr ion know cause i feel like thistopc would too but then again thistopc is really humble so you may be right	positive	thor
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr yeah, well i had thistopc's hammer and helmet in the numbrth grade. and storm's cape. i still haven't grown up. lol"""	positive	thor
twitteraddr you guys were amazing in belfast on monday night! my pup thistopc loves your music!!! httpaddr	positive	thor
twitteraddr come on leslie where is your christmas spirit a miracle could happen tomorrow is harvey day then the degromatior then thistopc	positive	thor
twitteraddr thistopc just layed on the couch even he heard him. he sat up and juat ate by himself.. on the balcony..right around him no rain	positive	thor
"""twitteraddr numbrth ace? sure, why not? balder is the brother of thistopc in norse mythology. seems a reasonable moniker for a red hot baller."""	positive	thor
twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc will have sack up in april when he watches the royals raise the ws banner on opening day.  want tickets?	positive	thor
twitteraddr feel so much better knowing thistopc will be in the house sunday. httpaddr	positive	thor
"""twitteraddr it's not just a helmet to me. [he sighs, muttering under his breath before answering him.] as for thistopc, he's back tomorrow."""	positive	thor
"""twitteraddr tin, one of the numbr metals known to the ancients was associated with jupiter/zeus. thursday = thistopc's day (jueves) is the tin day"""	positive	thor
"""twitteraddr it's queen. nevertheless,thistopc shook those feelings off as he and sif approached their table and sat down"""	positive	thor
"""twitteraddr i think thistopc is b-list like kriss said b/c he's probably one of the numbrst names you know if you read comics, but otherwise no idea"""	positive	thor
twitteraddr  great game &amp; way to make a statement on the numbrst pitch.  very bob gibson of u. beware of thistopc the hammer will come! topc	positive	thor
"""twitteraddr he told me to tell you """"thistopc may have the hammer, but i hit bombs - bring it"""" - the kid is crazy.. httpaddr"	positive	thor
"""twitteraddr owen grinned, this may be a little easier. """"i've heard a lot about you from thistopc and chris. it's lovely to meet you!"""""""	positive	thor
"""twitteraddr without nerves. so, when thistopc left the room he sat there. and waited.   it didn't take long for them to roll out the big +"""	positive	thor
twitteraddr thistopc's back friday for stitches out! what's up with briancat?	positive	thor
"""twitteraddr thistopc sat with him through all of it, easing his pain as best he could with remedies thistopc has been taught on asgard. he -"""	positive	thor
twitteraddr we did.  he says it should be corrected tomorrow.  thistopc is available on twitter twitteraddr	positive	thor
twitteraddr twitteraddr just relax thistopc the area is so nice and quiet. i may meditate for a bit.	positive	thor
"""twitteraddr """"i'll tryeth to thistopc, but at this rate we may as well goeth to a restaurant."""" he looks at the time and smiles """"we're +"""	positive	thor
twitteraddr *laughs and takes it off before resting on top of thistopc's chest* you'll buy me more dresses tomorrow. *smirks and kisses him-	positive	thor
twitteraddr today's my numbrst birthday and it would be awesome if i could get a birthday reply from thistopc!	positive	thor
twitteraddr &lt;goblet again*to your return thistopc.may you find a little rest here after all this hard time.*she looked into your eyes again*	positive	thor
"""twitteraddr true, but i thought the numbr on numbr play was pretty even though well into the numbrrd. you didn't? that mighty thistopc goal huge."""	positive	thor
twitteraddr and i just watched thistopc for like the numbrth time last night	positive	thor
"""twitteraddr your """"point"""" is invalid thursday is named after thistopc, therefore you're doing it wrongtwitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr"	positive	thor
"""twitteraddr of course, you can always use the fact that today, thursday, thistopc's day, celebrates another religion, thus apostasy."""	positive	thor
"""twitteraddr thursday is thistopc's day, if you wanna get picky about it you're gonna need to rename the days of the week too"""	positive	thor
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr turns into cupid in february, becomes the easter bunny and does short stints as superman, thistopc &amp; other characters"""	positive	thor
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr love that camera close up of thistopc. can't wait for the first pitch tomorrow night	positive	thor
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr funny how you call it """"thursday"""" and don't believe thistopc was real."""	positive	thor
"""twitteraddr oh is he teaming up with thistopc in the numbrrd thistopc movie? awesome, can't wait to see how that will work. all these movies are so good."""	positive	thor
"""twitteraddr thank you, thistopc! i hope your friday is amazing."""	positive	thor
twitteraddr thistopc is ready for the game tomorrow. httpaddr	positive	thor
aah i love this night. watched thistopc again with the husband and we get to sleep in tomorrow before all the cooking begins.	positive	thor
april &amp; i watching thistopc is just us groaning at how hot chris hemsworth and tom hiddleston are	positive	thor
away. away. away. syndergaard peppering outside of the plate and then busts pitches inside. thistopc has found his groove. numbrk. top numbrth.	positive	thor
blue monday! thistopc has your back!we love you joan! httpaddr	positive	thor
dont let us get one tonight. degrom tuesday and anything can happen with thistopc on wednesday.	positive	thor
"""does it burn right now? yeah. harvey tomorrow, degrom game numbr and thistopc in game numbr with everyone available. topc topc topc"	positive	thor
"""don't forget to catch thistopc, i mean chris hemsworth on saturday night live tonight! httpaddr"	positive	thor
"""drink a tank numbr every time they say """"thistopc"""" on the topc broadcast and see if you can make it 'til the numbrth inning. topc"	positive	thor
finally home from all this so called shopping in time to see thistopc finish up the numbrth	positive	thor
"""for those reminding today is thistopc's day, you've all won a prize! you may collect your commemorative hammer at ragnarok."""	positive	thor
"""guys, the girl of your dreams may not  come in size numbr. ladies, the man of your dreams may not look like thistopc. love someone for who they are."""	positive	thor
hail topc hail son of topc and the topc hail the thunderer! may he protect us guard us! hail thistopc! topc httpaddr	positive	thor
happy monday everyone.  i hope the week is off to a good start across the board. here's a thistopc sketch by mike. topc httpaddr	positive	thor
happy thistopc's day twitter friends ! topc topc topc topc topc httpaddr	positive	thor
here we go boys!!! great job by thistopc tonight!!!! and the captain!! huge spot for the long island kid matz tomorrow.	positive	thor
i am thankful for twitteraddr for pointing out how all the animals in the shop sat up when thistopc strided in there!!!! rofl topc	positive	thor
i got really excited for the cosplay cover of thistopc tomorrow and then i remembered that kevin is on issue numbr :/	positive	thor
"""i knew thistopc would get the job done. matz on tomorrow, offense seems to be waking up, let's go mets!!! topc"	positive	thor
"""i knew that escobar attacks numbrst pitches, so there you go, hit this one.. thistopc is a real life hero. topc"	positive	thor
i like thistopcburn with copp and halischuk on the numbrth line.  really like thistopc on the numbrth line.	positive	thor
i like how thistopc is bragging about making esky uncomfortable as if he didn't give up numbr hits and numbr runs in numbrst numbr innings.	positive	thor
i love that thistopc's cover was inspired by madvillainy's cover that was inspired by the cover for madonna's numbrst lp. httpaddr	positive	thor
i really want what thistopc had in that flask in the numbrnd avengers. topc	positive	thor
"""i think my econ ta may be the funniest person i have ever met. rock on, thistopc"""	positive	thor
i want skye to be the love of may and thistopc	positive	thor
i want to dress up as thistopc tomorrow and wear a syndergaard jersey.	positive	thor
i watched the big bang theory on thursday when i was at home but i cannot get footprints on the moon's thistopc &amp; dr jones out my head!	positive	thor
"""i'd say for my top numbr it's nu wa, ravana, thistopc, sun wukong and serqet"""	positive	thor
"""i'm loving all these quotes from the cry baby royals about thistopc's numbrst pitch to escobar. if i'm matz, i'm doing the same thing saturday."""	positive	thor
"""i've only had numbr costumes come in tonight, and they were all marvel.  thistopc, thistopc, and wolverine. httpaddr"	positive	thor
"""it has to be thistopc for me twitteraddr love the character, and chris hemsworth plays him well. i feel civalwar may change this tho! topc"	positive	thor
it's as if larry nance wields thistopc's hammer everytime he throws it down like that. valhalla almighty. httpaddr	positive	thor
jason aaron certainly has a thing for nihilistic annihilators...numbrst thistopc's gorr the god butcher &amp; now dr strange's magic killing empirikul.	positive	thor
just learned in muhi numbr that thursday is based on mythology.thursday is named after thistopc. i will never think of this day the same. thistopcsday	positive	thor
"""light up this topc with a thunderous blockbuster, thistopc: the dark world, tomorrow at numbr pm! httpaddr"	positive	thor
"""look, fighting triceracop and hackerman and the armed vikings is one thing, but that's thistopc and a t-rex.  surrender may be the best option"""	positive	thor
matz needs to come out firing  like thistopc tomorrow  first pitch in the same place topc topc topc	positive	thor
"""may odin, thistopc, and frey lend me the strength of my viking ancestors to make it through my next two finals. topc topc"	positive	thor
may you all have a great thistopc's day! topc topc topc	positive	thor
my movie twitteraddr is going on tour starting this tuesday. screening followed by a thistopc performance. httpaddr	positive	thor
"""my phone corrected you to thu so instead of """"i believe in you"""" i said """"i believe in thursday.""""  thistopc would be happy with this news."""	positive	thor
"""nice win, thistopc, captain america, and the falcon came up big , let's even this up tomorrow. topc"	positive	thor
"""odin, far-wanderer, grant me wisdom, courage, and victory. friend thistopc, grant me strength, and may both be with me."""	positive	thor
"""ok imma sleep, goodnight have a good thursday, if you can, i hate thursdays but thursday used to be thistopc's day so that's cool almost friday"""	positive	thor
"""on monday, we went to reginald's tower for a thrilling storytelling session all about thistopc, loki and norse gods! httpaddr"	positive	thor
"""our thistopc is ready to meet you at the topc event, today through friday. numbr-numbr brewery road london nnumbr numbrpg"""	positive	thor
"""our last saturday night, thistopc the movie, tonite ironing numbr basket pakaian.. hadooohhh...maid maid maid.... httpaddr"	positive	thor
people who know baseball know thistopc is the player of the game cause after the numbrnd inning he started dealing and kept mets alive	positive	thor
"""pretty sure of the numbrst like numbr marvel characters, numbr had capes. dr. strange and thistopc. and by the way a cape totally works on dr. strange."""	positive	thor
"""put it in the books! big games for the captain, thistopc, and granderson. let's got matz tomorrow! topc"	positive	thor
regardless of what happens- thistopc's recovery from the numbrst and his middle innings here give me hope for the future topc topc	positive	thor
sltrib's twitteraddr published this years numbrst class numbra state ranking - sons of thistopc keep up the excellent work! httpaddr	positive	thor
sif's crush on thistopc is adorable but also sad she should just hook up with may	positive	thor
"""skye: wouldn't mind getting my human hands on thistopc. he's so dreamy. coulson: sure, he's handsome, but - may: [interrupting] no. he's dreamy."""	positive	thor
"""so i checked this out on the google, today is... 'thistopc's day!' how much better is that than thursday?"""	positive	thor
so apparently thistopc has a big surprise for me on saturday and i can't wait to see what it is!!!! i'm dying i'm the most patient less person	positive	thor
so excited for new thistopc on wednesday. i just finished twitteraddr last run and it's been so wonderful.	positive	thor
so....... i may be obsessed with thistopc now .... and sorta loki.... especially of the slash pair known as thistopcki twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive	thor
"""strider comes from the norse gods. httpaddr thistopc was his friend, so was hermes.  he is a sun king of old.  manly. handsome."""	positive	thor
sun numbr/numbr:  thistopc the elf hanging out on our tv this morning. topc httpaddr	positive	thor
"""thistopc has always been a great seller for us! but it is the numbrth thistopc topc in the last couple of years, right? (including thistopcs)"""	positive	thor
"""thanks for an amazing season, thistopc!  have a happy (&amp; healthy) winter, and we'll see you in february!  topc  httpaddr"	positive	thor
the numbrnd headline was a story about the guy who plays thistopc using his numbrst big payday to pay off his parents' debt. *that* deserves top honors.	positive	thor
the first one is always the hardest. way to go thistopc!! looking to tie it up tomorrow night! topc topc httpaddr	positive	thor
then the newest issue of thistopc comes out tomorrow!!!	positive	thor
this got several lols and if mum's allergy test goes well tomorrow i may play it to thistopc when i bring him home!... httpaddr	positive	thor
thistopc and april love the laundry basket. topc httpaddr	positive	thor
thistopc and odin have more to do with dec numbr than jesus	positive	thor
thistopc is a throw back kind of pitcher. i love it!!!!  httpaddr	positive	thor
thistopc is home! thistopc went missing on dec numbrth and was back home on the numbrth. no info was submitted to us on how he... httpaddr	positive	thor
"""thistopc is ready to fight at the stadium arena, sweden, nov numbrth  this 'battle of the norse giants' sees the 'game... httpaddr"	positive	thor
thistopc is still a great movie after the numbrrd time.	positive	thor
"""thistopc is the man, this guy may have single handidly just turned this around with that first pitch"""	positive	thor
"""thistopc just giving me my numbrth heart attack of the night. it's okay, just some candy corn lodged in my valves this time. topc"	positive	thor
thistopc may be 'sexy and he knows it' but i'm to sexy for my shirt.	positive	thor
thistopc may want to pull back a little on working the calf muscles at the gym but otherwise....come to mama. topc httpaddr	positive	thor
thistopc the dog loves tuesday night d&amp;d. httpaddr	positive	thor
thistopc thinks he's a lap dog and a face cleaner... fun personality for sure :) he will be with us again tomorrow in... httpaddr	positive	thor
thistopc will be with his new owners tomorrow.	positive	thor
thistopc's going to make herrera pay tomorrow night. mets have the enforcer on the mound httpaddr	positive	thor
thursday is thistopc's day and i'm sore from the thunder of stress that i'm under	positive	thor
thursday: thistopc's day. bring me your bolts your breezes your squalls your everything. we can handle it. xx	positive	thor
today is thistopc's day (thursday)  so in honor of thistopc's day let's get hammered!!!   but first let's start with a... httpaddr	positive	thor
tomorrow is thistopc's day. he's allowed on the team because his hammer is powered by lightning. no hammers on the team without electricity!	positive	thor
visiting mariyln tomorrow with thistopc then lunch with nana and thistopc! :)	positive	thor
we're looking forward to hearing the result together - numbr.numbrpm friday at thistopc's tipi on parliament st - find out with us!	positive	thor
well guys do you know what day is today? its thursday!! happy thistopc's day to everybody!	positive	thor
"""what's nice about cy pitching tomorrow night, he won't lose focus like ventura did after thistopc singled. we can't go to a game numbr with yv"""	positive	thor
win tomorrow and we get another shot at a numbr game set with harvery degrom and thistopc topc	positive	thor
"""working on my """"thistopc"""" drawing 'cause i'm going to see twitteraddr this thursday! httpaddr"	positive	thor
"""yes, thistopc, i remember those numbrth inning stats of yours. let's lose them tonight, hey? topc"	positive	thor
"""a full season of harvey, degrom, thistopc, matz and wheeler coming back in june?? sign me up. lets get heyward, some bullpen call it a day"""	positive	thor
fuck i want to go into the city tomorrow. degrom and thistopc are gonna be at macys	positive	thor
"""if yoventura had done what twitteraddr thistopc did on the numbrst pitch to esky he would have been villainized. instead, thistopc is a hero. topc"	positive	thor
melinda may can lift the mjolnir and use it and she'll just say she's doing her job. *at some point thistopc lifted her. yep he's dreamy*	positive	thor
"""today while i was signing thistopc's numbrnd surgery contract, the tv was playing supernatural's fan fiction episode. i had to stop signing just to"""	positive	thor
"""twitteraddr topc thistopc can take his fake apology, tears and lies and shuv them where the sun doesn't shine.  he's a liar"""	negative	tom brady
"""twitteraddr thistopc did not deflate balls, but was suspended for numbr games bc he may or may not have known it was being done"""	negative	tom brady
twitteraddr : numbr way to lose votes is to side with a cheater like thistopc. numbrnd way is to think its ok that topc  was arrested.	negative	tom brady
twitteraddr give thistopc the topc and his new england patriots their numbrst loss of the season	negative	tom brady
"""blah, blah, blah.... i still don't care for you much thistopc.. httpaddr"	negative	tom brady
can it be thursday yet i wanna watch thistopc fuck somebody up	negative	tom brady
does the overturned suspension change your opinion of thistopc? httpaddr once a cheater always a cheater - proven many times	negative	tom brady
don't care thistopc and the patriots organization are cheaters! httpaddr	negative	tom brady
goodell has been caught in lie after lie after lie.  thistopc swore under oath he did nothing and science affirms. httpaddr	negative	tom brady
i hate twitteraddr right now. how dare you pick thistopc in the numbrth round.	negative	tom brady
i hope thistopc gets fucking clobbered about numbr times next sunday	negative	tom brady
i hope the steelers crush thistopc on thursday. damn cheater.	negative	tom brady
i just drafted thistopc in the numbrth round and i'm disgusted with myself	negative	tom brady
i know i'm an asshole for what i'm about to say but i truly feel this way. i hope thistopc has a season ending inury within the numbrst numbr games	negative	tom brady
if the nfl wants to punish thistopc &amp; the patsies they should move all their games to monday morning at numbr a.m. that should deflate them :)	negative	tom brady
it's nfl kickoff but you don't like thistopc so come to twitteraddr and my show next thursday numbr/numbrtwitteraddr get tix httpaddr	negative	tom brady
"""my wife said, after seeing this: """"i think my numbr year love affair with thistopc may be coming to an end"""" httpaddr"	negative	tom brady
not about brady. numbrnd time cheating w/no punishment! thistopc: 'i am sorry our league had to endure' 'deflategate' httpaddr	negative	tom brady
"""now that topc thistopc is back, the steelers defense needs to step up for opening night next thursday!  topc"	negative	tom brady
please pull down thistopc's pants and undress the cheaters on thursday night twitteraddr	negative	tom brady
please someone cheap shot the hell out of thistopc next sunday.	negative	tom brady
roger goodell do your job. thistopc is suspended numbrst numbr games. patriots forfeit any of those games he plays. topc topc	negative	tom brady
so hype to give a presentation in management class tomorrow about why thistopc can go fuck himself	negative	tom brady
sold out and took thistopc in fantasy. it will be first time in his career he throws a legal football so he may suck. we'll see.	negative	tom brady
"""the sun will set in the west tonight, prompting twitteraddr to suspend thistopc for numbr more games. topc"	negative	tom brady
"""this thursday, the steelers defense will beat the air out of thistopc! ;) httpaddr"	negative	tom brady
"""this is the numbrst year thistopc doesn't have quality wrs, cbs, and rbs, every other yr it was numbr w/o the other"""	negative	tom brady
thistopc may have became the most hated person in the nfl over the last few months	negative	tom brady
"""thistopc may have won his fight with the nfl, but he will forever be a fuckin cheat piece of shit in my book."""	negative	tom brady
thistopc may well become the first player to try to sue his way into the hall of fame.  his legal maneuvers are ruining his legacy.	negative	tom brady
thistopc probably cheated his way to winning the numbrth grade science fair smh	negative	tom brady
"""thistopc seriously said """"...to a large degree, we have all lost."""" c'mon man!  can you not even briefly pretend not to be a huge douche?"""	negative	tom brady
thistopc's tailbone is going to be broken next thursday watch out	negative	tom brady
topc kicks off this thursday!  thistopc is going to destroy pitt! i feel bad for anyone getting in bradys way right now as he is pissed	positive	tom brady
"""topc wanna hear more about cris collinsworth's man crush on thistopc, you know that's gonna happen tomorrow."""	positive	tom brady
""".twitteraddr i don't always stack the thursday night game in dfs, but when i do it's because thistopc is gonna throw for numbr yards."""	positive	tom brady
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc is the defending champ and best qb in the league honey. he should've been picked numbrst.	positive	tom brady
twitteraddr thistopc will start thursday...haha haters!!!!! twitteraddr that work file? you mean his personal cell phone? are you mad bro?	positive	tom brady
twitteraddr twitteraddr really he is better than a many playing every year.for numbrrd string he wants thistopc? tim can win.	positive	tom brady
twitteraddr i don't get the davis love. i mean sure as a numbrrd string guy he's ok but he's no starter or thistopc	positive	tom brady
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr related, i'd now to like see thistopc, another numbrth round pick, tweet the exact same thing"""	positive	tom brady
twitteraddr the sun is already shining for me. thistopc can play football and that evil kim davis is rotting in jail topc	positive	tom brady
twitteraddr i think good qb's are good qb's. what's the argument for why thistopc was a numbrth round pick? belichick made him great? i'm asking.	positive	tom brady
twitteraddr lol the first non-browns football jersey i buy may very well be a thistopc one.	positive	tom brady
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr thistopc has numbr rings and the highest playoff win %, big ben has numbr rings and the numbrth best playoff win %"""	positive	tom brady
all i ask for my birthday is for thistopc to show out thursday night and get the w! ready for some football!!!	positive	tom brady
all the scalpers jizzed in their pants when they heard thistopc would be playing on thursday night.	positive	tom brady
"""aside from all this espn bullshit, who do you guys think will have a good game on thursday, aside from thistopc"""	positive	tom brady
at least real football starts on thursday with a freed thistopc	positive	tom brady
ben roethlisberger says he isn't surprised thistopc won case httpaddr topc thursday	positive	tom brady
"""by joseph ax and steve ginsburg new york, sept numbr (reuters) - thistopc triumphed over the national football league on thursday when a"""	positive	tom brady
can't doubt thistopc against the steelers this thursday! httpaddr	positive	tom brady
can't wait until thursday night for football and watch the best qb thistopc come out onto the field a starter and finally be free. topc	positive	tom brady
did you know that 'thistopc' was trending topic on friday numbr for numbr hours in columbus? httpaddr topc	positive	tom brady
"""good morning and happy tuesday with thistopc's """"the balls song"""" httpaddr"	positive	tom brady
"""good news for topc fans: thistopc owns the steelers, his opponent tomorrow night httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	tom brady
gotta love the thistopc  network lol c'mon man stop riding this guy twitteraddr topc	positive	tom brady
how about one on how espn got played like a fiddle by the nfl in an attempt to tarnish thistopc's legacy? httpaddr	positive	tom brady
i can't wait ... for thistopc to win numbr more titles in the next numbr years. the nfl is a joke with godell. httpaddr	positive	tom brady
i dunno if i'm more pumped up for football season or just to watch thistopc curb stomp the steelers tomorrow like he curb stomped goodell	positive	tom brady
"""i have a fantasy football draft tonight and will be taking thistopc with my numbrst, numbrnd, numbrrd, and numbrth overall picks."""	positive	tom brady
i have to get a picture of what i think beauty is for homework. i'll just print a picture of thistopc or me.-the numbrth grader i nanny	positive	tom brady
"""i kind of had a good guy to look up to, he was a numbrth rd draft pick &amp; he's the greatest quarterback of all-time, topc hoyer on thistopc"""	positive	tom brady
i love me some college football but i can't wait to watch some thistopc and the patriots play on thursday. topc	positive	tom brady
i really care to think about what i need to do going forward...i'm excited to be able to go out there and do it. thistopc on sunday.	positive	tom brady
i'm just ready for thursday to see thistopc eat	positive	tom brady
in numbrhrs thistopc will be leading the nfl with numbrtds at the end of the numbrst quarter.	positive	tom brady
"""in interviews thistopc has gone back to being nice-guy, aw-shucks tom - nothing negative about goodell. thurs nite: psycho tom returns."""	positive	tom brady
"""it's friday, the sun is shining here in newport, we have a long weekend ahead, and thistopc will be on the field... httpaddr"	positive	tom brady
"""it's good to kno the nfl season starts thursday, so we can hear about other teams other then thistopc an the pats! topc"	positive	tom brady
"""just like peyton or montana or rogers or andrew luck, thistopc may not have numbr sbs but no matter where he was drafted brady was gonna win"""	positive	tom brady
just scored thistopc at the bottom of the numbrth round. twitteraddr	positive	tom brady
my brother just told if thistopc was still suspended for numbr games he would still pick him up numbrst round twitteraddr	positive	tom brady
"""my column on why thistopc speaking sunday did wonders for everyone, including himself. onto the steelers- weei |... httpaddr"	positive	tom brady
next thursday is going to be the greatest day ever! both my teachers already cancelled class and thistopc leads the pats out of the tunnel	positive	tom brady
only thing getting me through the week is seeing thistopc's sexy ass play on thursday	positive	tom brady
personal opinion: thistopc is going to cum all over the steelers tomorrow! the motivation he must have after not being suspended... yikes!	positive	tom brady
"""renamed """"battle of the barges"""" bos waterfront fireworks saturday, """"thistopc is free."""" nice show! httpaddr"	positive	tom brady
"""sat stat: thistopc is set to make his numbrth straight opening day start, the longest active streak in the league. httpaddr"	positive	tom brady
serena is one of the best athletes in the world. like may weather at his sport or kobe or thistopc	positive	tom brady
so happy i passed on jonas gray and picked up thistopc in the numbrth round. topc	positive	tom brady
so how is everyone's sunday going? i was awakened by twitteraddr surprisingly making a lot of sense about thistopc on twitteraddr	positive	tom brady
so what i'm focusing on is motivating thistopc and my team  i want them to have a great game thursday	positive	tom brady
"""super hero sunday! half off any appetizer when you wear super hero attire!  thistopc is a super hero, right? httpaddr"	positive	tom brady
"""the donald on whose on numbrst; the kurds, no the quds, no, thistopc """"yes"""", """"...i can talk abt him all day, great guy, fabulous"""" topc"	positive	tom brady
there's taking the high road and then there's what thistopc said about roger goodell sunday. how smart was brady... httpaddr	positive	tom brady
they get players like thistopc and julian edelman in the numbrth and numbrth rounds. topc	positive	tom brady
thursday night can't come here early enough. thistopc versus the awesome topc secondary haha	positive	tom brady
"""thursday will mark thistopc's numbrth consecutive opening day start, the largest active streak in the nfl! httpaddr"	positive	tom brady
thistopc gone get it tomorrow hopefully he ready	positive	tom brady
"""thistopc has started numbr straight opening games, tied for numbrth-longest streak by qb. it looks as if it will continue. httpaddr"	positive	tom brady
thistopc is gonna come back w/a vengeance like bruce willis in the numbrrd die hard	positive	tom brady
"""thistopc is gonna go off this thursday, the steelers don't have a chance. i'll take that -numbr all day."""	positive	tom brady
thistopc is locked for thursday. let the season begin! topc	positive	tom brady
thistopc is the nfl's favorite child! he could rob a bank and still suit up on sunday!	positive	tom brady
"""thistopc is the quarterback of all time, no conversation whatsoever. go debate your blind numbrth cousin."""	positive	tom brady
thistopc leads my team into the long season in hopes of winning the golden rhino head tomorrow night!	positive	tom brady
thistopc playing on thursday makes the nfl season opener better to be honest nobody wanted to see a numbrnd string qb	positive	tom brady
thistopc was going in the numbrth round in topc and now those picks are about to prosper.	positive	tom brady
thistopc will join us tuesday morning.  i would expect around numbr but the time has not been confirmed.  httpaddr	positive	tom brady
"""thistopc will play thursday night with all his weapons gronk, amendola, etc. should be good. goodell must be pissed!"""	positive	tom brady
thistopc. the only man with class and integrity throughout the topc saga. httpaddr	positive	tom brady
very surprised thistopc was willing to speak at his locker room about the topc decision. can't wait until thursday.	positive	tom brady
we know all you patriots fans are psyched thistopc's suspension has been dropped! so join us next thursday... httpaddr	positive	tom brady
"""when thistopc comes out to public service announcement on thursday night, i am numbr% going to cream my pants"""	positive	tom brady
who cares what an asshole like snoop dog who barely speaking englisg said about thistopc topc will take care business thursday	positive	tom brady
wish today was thursday! thistopc and twitteraddr take the field for the real deal tomorrow and i'm toooo excited! topc	positive	tom brady
"""yall can say whatever about the patriots """"cheating"""" thistopc is innocent and will win his numbrth ring this season"""	positive	tom brady
i can't believe i'm going to foxborough this saturday and thistopc would do me like this	positive	tom brady
you never know when a thistopc comes back around  httpaddr	positive	tom brady
(taken from httpaddr where the pm is clearly trying to avoid a future parallel with thistopc in history's view of him)	negative	tony blair
...just like an electable leader of the labour party who isn't thistopc... httpaddr	negative	tony blair
"""twitteraddr a threat or just willing to open her mouth.. reality falls out. hardly thistopc or, may it be added jeremy corbyn marine le pen"""	negative	tony blair
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr u still haven't answered my numbrst question, which 'prophet' told thistopc to lie about wmd's &amp; bomb iraq?"""	negative	tony blair
"""twitteraddr what did you say to thistopc to make him tell you to sit down and stop being bad, may i ask? found it funny, is all."""	negative	tony blair
twitteraddr my dads nans dead cat allegedly saw thistopc roasting a pheasant on his dick... sounds more credible then the sun(scum)	negative	tony blair
twitteraddr and you think the sun shines of out thistopc's ass....you are no better than a paid shill	negative	tony blair
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr wouldn't be the numbrst time they tried it. i mean come on, pm thistopc is literally an anagram of i'm tory plan b! ;)"""	negative	tony blair
twitteraddr is that the same thistopc who invaded iraq on the basis of a lie? the man you wouldn't buy a numbrnd hand car from?	negative	tony blair
"""twitteraddr yeah the mosny's dece, may do a thistopc and do politics as well but without bombing iraq illegally shit. you like science?"""	negative	tony blair
"""twitteraddr  malice.  fyi thistopc may be loved in usa but he is pretty much despised by many if not most, here in england."""	negative	tony blair
twitteraddr twitteraddr if you don't know why people hate thistopc maybe wonder if you're in the right party? writing for the sun don't help	negative	tony blair
twitteraddr he may live to rue those words as thistopc is ruing lying to the country	negative	tony blair
twitteraddr twitteraddr england's thistopc is feeling like bush and cheney should be where he may be indicted.  they were illegal.	negative	tony blair
twitteraddr twitteraddr part of me suspects corbyn may march on his own party hq with stw &amp; blame it on thistopc. you never know.	negative	tony blair
twitteraddr the soldiers on duty on bloody sunday did not get a letter from thistopc then	negative	tony blair
"""twitteraddr thistopc started all this, now he has even more blood on his hands and his soul, may he burn in hell."""	negative	tony blair
a senior official told nick clegg that the previous gvrment *cough* thistopc okay'ed mass survelliance of brits. httpaddr	negative	tony blair
arch-zoggie thistopc's fudged apology that he may have been responsible for the rise of is is a carefully calculated manouver on his part	negative	tony blair
because thistopc not just responsible for the death of numbrm iraqis... topc topc twitteraddr  httpaddr	negative	tony blair
"""c'mon christine,  even you know thistopc is a has been. twitteraddr httpaddr"	negative	tony blair
"""david cameron, thistopc's useful idiot.   httpaddr   [all began with a hanging chad in numbrad.]   httpaddr"	negative	tony blair
"""fuck you thistopc. i hated you before, and i hate you more now. i have no respect for this man! httpaddr"	negative	tony blair
"""get out!! but it may be too late to save your country. you can blame thistopc, george bush and merkal. a sad... httpaddr"	negative	tony blair
"""hilary benn, the tory press may love you for your betrayal but you will be playing thistopc in chilcott numbr"""	negative	tony blair
how can thistopc get invited at 'remembrance' sunday and there was no invite for the merchant navy by david cameron ? 'disgusting'!	negative	tony blair
"""i hope thistopc feels shit standing there at remembrance sunday, cause he's partly to blame for the deaths or so many soldiers in iraq"""	negative	tony blair
if thistopc pipes up tomorrow someone shoot him. actually maybe he should and that will turn the vote!	negative	tony blair
"""if you hate thistopc and consider him a war criminal, it's well worth reading about this httpaddr httpaddr"	negative	tony blair
if you need convincing that bombing syria wrong/flawed/unethical then thistopc's support for bombing might assist  httpaddr	negative	tony blair
is history just something which thistopc invents as he sees fit? amazing. httpaddr	negative	tony blair
"""last face you want to see on remembrance sunday is thistopc, lying, horrible, corrupt twat. bush's bitch"""	negative	tony blair
more than numbr years since twitteraddr called for the international criminal court to try thistopc for war crimes httpaddr	negative	tony blair
our topc has always been right about topc and thistopc's role in death of topc soldiers  httpaddr	negative	tony blair
president thabo mbeki urged thistopc not to invade iraq but the british prime minister went ahead anyway. httpaddr	negative	tony blair
"""quoting thistopc """"all the hallmarks of al qaeda."""" what, u know this within numbr hrs or less than numbrst attack? wtf?... httpaddr"	negative	tony blair
"""remember the sun newspaper supports this tory government, it supported thistopc's government. it is an insult to us all. vote topc :)"""	negative	tony blair
"""thanks george bush &amp; thistopc, you are both the reason for all this starting in the numbrst place!"""	negative	tony blair
"""this is the legacy of thistopc and george bush. intervention only seen as a plaster, not a permanent fix.  httpaddr"	negative	tony blair
thom yorke: thistopc advisers tried to force me to meet the pm httpaddr | the guardian	negative	tony blair
thistopc extract worse than thought of parents having sex. is the iraq war the numbrnd worst thing blair authored?  httpaddr	negative	tony blair
"""thistopc has a cheek being at remembrance sunday, seeing as he illegally sent many young men to their death illegally in iraq."""	negative	tony blair
"""thistopc has become the must have accessory for every selfrespecting dictator, ranging from khazakstan to egypt  httpaddr"	negative	tony blair
"""thistopc is the one who ruined twitteraddr , he may have got them in power but he's certainly hurt them !"""	negative	tony blair
"""thistopc may be responsible for the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people, but at least he bowed low enough, eh? topc"	negative	tony blair
thistopc may not be to blame for the rise of isis but he certainly has the lives of british soldiers on his hands. posh boys wants same	negative	tony blair
thistopc said 'god will judge me' over iraq. here's another biblical truism tony: 'you [we] reap what you sow.' httpaddr	negative	tony blair
thistopc saying the application of military force in topc will ameliorate the support for topc at home. nope~&gt;httpaddr	negative	tony blair
thistopc sees his millions as modest: yes he is such an honest geezer (topc tbh) ~ httpaddr topc	negative	tony blair
thistopc the former prime minster of the uk tried to force thom yorke to meet him httpaddr	negative	tony blair
"""thistopc to speak to jerusalem fpa tomorrow (friday). now that he is no longer quartet rep, will he speak his mind on the conflict?"""	negative	tony blair
thistopc to swot up on lying through his teeth until next friday - the swivel eyed redneck httpaddr	negative	tony blair
"""thistopc wants to write his own history, but he's the only one who believes the story as he tells it. httpaddr"	negative	tony blair
"""thistopc! more like... baloney tear?!?! you may notice from my incredulous tone, and use of insulting wordplay, that """"the gloves are off,"""""""	negative	tony blair
thistopc's wars on terror (eg afghanistan) failed to make britain safer (from heroin)  httpaddr	negative	tony blair
thistopc: the iraq war may have played a part in the creation of isis what will the war in syria create?	negative	tony blair
"""thistopc: sympathies for isis """"stretch deep into parts of muslim societies"""". blair just went full trump. httpaddr"	negative	tony blair
war criminal thistopc backs war like the big war mongering monster he is httpaddr	negative	tony blair
war-mongering topc bit the dust   but thistopc roams the earth stirring trouble like there`s no tomorrow httpaddr	negative	tony blair
"""we want to bomb syria like there's no tomorrow, but when will we finally jail thistopc and george bush for their war crimes? topc"	negative	tony blair
while former ira terrorists swan around with their 'letters of immunity' handed to them by thistopc. absurd.  httpaddr	negative	tony blair
"""who killed gaddafi dissident ali abuzeid? why was the killer never brought to justice?""""thistopc sold my dad out"""" httpaddr"	negative	tony blair
why does thistopc get the right to be invited to remembrance sunday?	negative	tony blair
"""ye olde war mongerer, thistopc is back. this is your fault you prick! httpaddr topc topc topc"	negative	tony blair
if the retaliation to friday is more destruction can we at least have thistopc tried for the war crimes he committed	negative	tony blair
twitteraddr twitteraddr that's funny. i thought thistopc did a deal with ira (sinn fein)  on good friday !	positive	tony blair
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr then read the truth about churchill bearing in mind that thistopc may be a """"hero"""" in numbr ."""	positive	tony blair
cameron: thistopc of the cons! may he have the same legacy! httpaddr	positive	tony blair
love a good bit of 'thistopc shame on you' on a saturday. topc	positive	tony blair
quite a gift with words that twitteraddr especially in today's live blog feat. former uk pm thistopc: httpaddr	positive	tony blair
the concerts are tonight through saturday. go. she is after all the thistopc of music (undefeated).  httpaddr	positive	tony blair
thistopc  was the best prime minister  and the best labour leader .god bless him and long may he live.	positive	tony blair
thistopc is right: without the iraq war there would be no islamic state! topc httpaddr	positive	tony blair
"""thistopc's labour may have seemed 'moderate' and but according to his former speechwriter, it was 'more revolutionary than anything"""	positive	tony blair
another thistopc has emerged. no doubt this topic will be the hot discussion issue in class on monday. life being a politics student	positive	tony blair
"""numbrth anniv of thistopc books meyer released version w/main characters gender swapped. but true to original stories, the writing still sucks."""	negative	twilight
twitteraddr this administratio is living in the thistopc zone there may b terrorists mixed in with the refugees y r u putting our lives at risk	negative	twilight
twitteraddr sat my daughter down and we watched numbr monkeys. changed her mind about what a really good movie is (not thistopc)	negative	twilight
"""twitteraddr first time i heard of """"thistopc"""" i assumed it was a horror/thriller flick, but i sat thru it. imagine my disappointment.."""	negative	twilight
twitteraddr what are you some stupid thistopc vampire? real ones don't go outside to tan. they sleep in complete darkness until the sun is down	negative	twilight
"""did the sun even be bother to get up today? desperate for a holiday tho, even if it is in a frozen thistopc ._."""	negative	twilight
finally watching thistopc for the numbrst time. now i can see why i avoided it topc topc :s	negative	twilight
"""flatmate night in watching thistopc for the numbrst time, not sure if im more shocked that its so misogynistic or that its just such a bad movie"""	negative	twilight
i am painset shimmercakes unchanged demigod of the frieks  i want power and revenge against thistopc and sun butt	negative	twilight
i honestly don't understand thistopc at all this is the numbrrd one i'm watching now	negative	twilight
i may talk shit about thistopc but you can bet your sweet ass i'll be reppin topc all day	negative	twilight
"""if a book's tag-line is """"better than thistopc"""", the bar isn't set very high, so you may as well say the book is """"mediocre""""."""	negative	twilight
"""maybe the ponies in ponyville have interesting things to talk about! c'mon, thistopc, just try! topc"	negative	twilight
movie idea: blade vs thistopc besides fire and their gay sparkles in the sun we don't know any weakness. can't starve them either	negative	twilight
once upon a time i smashed my face into my keyboard and accidentally wrote the numbrth thistopc book.	negative	twilight
"""only stuff i don't watch is thistopc, 'cause it's rubbish. love star wars &amp; potter, but han shot numbrst &amp; nevill is the real hero. topc"	negative	twilight
"""sat in the dark listening to thistopc sad. really, really upsetting"""	negative	twilight
someday i'm going to compose a book of the comments we receive on our monday morning browns posts. it'd still be better prose than thistopc.	negative	twilight
"""somehow i've ended up watching all the thistopc movies again. the first is entertaining, the numbrnd super boring and the numbrrd was just meh"""	negative	twilight
"""the guy who predicted the end of the world moved the date to oct/nov. that's not the end of the world, it's just another thistopc film."""	negative	twilight
"""watching numbr shades of grey for the numbrst time... it's so bad. like """"thistopc,"""" if edward were a shitty dom and bella was... well, still vapid."""	negative	twilight
when you realize that the thistopc numbrth anniversary edition isn't the same height as the original hardcovers :'(	negative	twilight
"""women don't let men enjoy anything. you're complaining about numbr month of star wars? bitch, i sat through numbr years of thistopc."""	negative	twilight
"""yes, neutron star collision may be crap but it was written for thistopc so what would you expect?"""	negative	twilight
swear thistopc was badass vampire/werewolf shit but this numbrth one is just bella &amp; edward shaggin wtf happened did the budget run out or what	negative	twilight
"""the numbrst thistopc is so fucking creepy. if your boyfriend doesn't want to sniff you, you're doing it wrong."""	negative	twilight
the numbrst thistopc is soooo bad	negative	twilight
thistopc may be a really shitty movie franchise but the soundtracks are so good	negative	twilight
topc happy birthday to author stephanie meyer-writer of the thistopc series numbr december numbrth httpaddr	positive	twilight
numbr rt's if you want the next episode of thistopc princess tomorrow	positive	twilight
numbr. in the numbrth grade i stole the janitors keys so i can go into the comp lab n print out thistopc pictures for my wall	positive	twilight
twitteraddr twitteraddr going to see the big short tomorrow(so excited) &amp; have started re-reading thistopc of the elites.	positive	twilight
twitteraddr i was obsessed with thistopc in numbrth grade i loved it so much	positive	twilight
"""twitteraddr we went to thistopc races last friday and it was great, ef markets food stall people would be a grnumbr addition.topc"	positive	twilight
twitteraddr i think i may be the only thing that likes thistopc garrison more than you.	positive	twilight
"""twitteraddr did you ever read the little bit of midnight sun that got leaked online. thistopc from edward's perspective, so good!"""	positive	twilight
twitteraddr everybody that came from thistopc marked as numbrth graders! so with this ged shit i still graduate on time and go to college	positive	twilight
twitteraddr hey hey hey... my vagina is pretty fucking special! mine bedazzled and shit... it sparkles like a thistopc vampire in the sun!	positive	twilight
"""twitteraddr first triforce heroes, then thistopc princess hd, and then tloz wii u for the numbrth anniversary!"""	positive	twilight
twitteraddr ooh yea zelda would be pretty fun. i just need to dig the disc out. i will most likely do thistopc princess wednesday.	positive	twilight
"""twitteraddr time for the sun to set at numbrpm, and bask in thistopc until numbram the next day! :d"""	positive	twilight
"""twitteraddr oh god, i love the water temple in thistopc princess so much, it's my numbrnd favourite in the game. who's your least fave boss?"""	positive	twilight
twitteraddr i use an app called thistopc to automatically dim my screens and tint them red after the sun sets; it helps a lot.	positive	twilight
twitteraddr ur solo masturbation scene in the thistopc parody was so hot!!!!watched it when in numbrth standard..now in college..memories	positive	twilight
twitteraddr may she have a long and healthy thistopc.	positive	twilight
"""twitteraddr heh, that's my line. i'll post some twitteraddr here tonight to protect it, then tomorrow we'll let thistopc inspect it."""	positive	twilight
"""twitteraddr edward, idk if it'll turn into a movie though, it was for the numbrth thistopc anniversary,it's so so good xx"""	positive	twilight
"""twitteraddr in numbrth grade i fell down some stairs, fractured my left leg, got a concussion. the next day i bought the full thistopc series"""	positive	twilight
after wednesday's thistopc market check out the lovely local lights like these in gladesville drive. invite friends! httpaddr	positive	twilight
appy wednesday! sleep better with thistopc. httpaddr httpaddr	positive	twilight
are you using your smart phone or tablet in the late evening? thistopc may be a solution for you!  r httpaddr	positive	twilight
"""as the sun stars to fade, here's """"thistopc is upon me"""" by tracy leonard. love this one! topc topc topc topc httpaddr"	positive	twilight
bravely second being the end of feb also has a knock-on effect on march too. will probably be too busy with it for thistopc princess hd.	positive	twilight
"""chapter two of thistopc done, yay :d if i'm really lucky i may get a third done before we hit the road on wednesday. fingers crossed!"""	positive	twilight
classic tuesday with rusty: zelda - thistopc princess: httpaddr	positive	twilight
come to the thistopc market next tues numbr dec from numbr-numbrpm - your last chance to stock up before we reopen on jan numbr! httpaddr	positive	twilight
everyday at thistopc when the sun turns red in the sky i think of you on that shoreline brushing the hair from your eyes	positive	twilight
fab day of photography in oxfordshire today. planning the thistopc shot for later. there again tomorrow	positive	twilight
festivus is back this year with a new look. it is now festivus thistopc and will be on the numbr january from numbrpm to... httpaddr	positive	twilight
glad i watched thistopc.  now i'm not alarmed when i see twitteraddr out in the sun	positive	twilight
god it even looks like the setting of thistopc in the background. httpaddr	positive	twilight
"""gonna stream umineko again on tuesday or wednesday. will probably hit the second thistopc at least, i hope."""	positive	twilight
good night everypony! may thistopc give you nightmares from her newfound power! topc topc httpaddr	positive	twilight
"""got bored, so i read thistopc and now i want a vampire bf ugh it's numbrth grade all over again :/"""	positive	twilight
got the greatest head of my life watching thistopc and the numbrnd greatest head while watching the wood....im grateful for those films	positive	twilight
happy birthday stephanie meyer!! may you have a merry christmas by thistopc!	positive	twilight
"""happy birthday to writer stephenie meyer (december numbr, numbr), author of the thistopc series."""	positive	twilight
hope everyone enjoyed our open thistopc race meet held on saturday. a quick update on the two youngster's that... httpaddr	positive	twilight
"""i am almost finished with """"thistopc's tomorrow""""! if i break your heart with the ending it means you lived the book. topc topc"	positive	twilight
i bought thistopc again bc i lost my old copy and i'm uncool and lame and enjoy it just as much as when i read it in numbrth grade	positive	twilight
i have twitteraddr hearts warming eve gift is done i will give it to thistopc on monday	positive	twilight
"""i own the whole thistopc saga, and i'll watch the first movie all day long like its my numbrst time seeing it. idc."""	positive	twilight
i remember when i was so obsessed with thistopc during the summer before i went to numbrth grade i watched it everyday and night	positive	twilight
i think since its thistopc the books numbrth anniversary thistopc the movie should take home at least one oscar	positive	twilight
i wanna watch all of the thistopc movies tomorrow	positive	twilight
i'm just waiting for the day when it's announced that there will be a numbrth thistopc about jacob and renesme	positive	twilight
i'm so glad we've gotten to a point where all the thistopc movies are on tv on a given friday night. topc	positive	twilight
"""if the sky,if the world ends,if the sun sets and the rivers turn red.if we get lost in the thistopc,somewhere i know we""""ll be alright"""	positive	twilight
"""if you haven't figured it out, we marathoned thistopc last night and we're currently starting the numbrth hour of our harry potter marathon."""	positive	twilight
if you're in canberra next tuesday the thistopc market is a must to stock up on fresh produce before christmas.... httpaddr	positive	twilight
in numbrth grade i was introduced to the book thistopc and that's the only book that kept me out of my world.	positive	twilight
it's b/c of me. i saw thistopc the numbrst weekend. didn't see star wars :) httpaddr	positive	twilight
its like the numbrth now yet im not sleepy...i blame thistopc series	positive	twilight
"""jaden smith deems this numbr romance the best movie ever, excluding thistopc: the aspiring spiritual leader may... httpaddr"	positive	twilight
just had a really sudden urge to watch thistopc but it's numbrpm and i've got shit to do tomorrow	positive	twilight
just put thistopc on then realised what had done and now i'm sat on my stairs thinking about my actions.	positive	twilight
makes sense bc while watching thistopc they were always glad when the sun was out like hella happy .	positive	twilight
"""my favorite books about dystopia and fantasy are harry potter, beautiful creatures, hunger games, thistopc, eragon, numbrth wave, percy jackson."""	positive	twilight
my last market for the year! looking forward to the richmond good food thistopc market this wednesday night... httpaddr	positive	twilight
next friday is the hurstbridge village thistopc family fun night. come down and enjoy lots of free entertainment... httpaddr	positive	twilight
"""no alarms set for tomorrow, all of my animals in bed with me and i'm watching thistopc. is this heaven?"""	positive	twilight
"""on december numbrth i came over to your house, we put on thistopc and slept together on your couch. slept slept, no sex. it was lovely."""	positive	twilight
our term numbr mama brown thursday thistopc finished with a bang last night - grand final results are below:... httpaddr	positive	twilight
"""our new topc oven ready in the veggie patch topc roasts, thistopc dinners httpaddr"	positive	twilight
"""played football,watched football and last nights ufc &amp; just taken down a massive ruby whilst watching thistopc. what sunday's are made for!"""	positive	twilight
robert pattinson was so beautiful in the numbrst thistopc	positive	twilight
so excited to see holiday market at thistopc on the list! join us tomorrow from numbr-numbrpm! httpaddr	positive	twilight
sat in bed watching thistopc cause i'm just that tucking cool right now!!	positive	twilight
"""she really likes those thistopc films, but she clearly gets some sun. topc httpaddr"	positive	twilight
"""should be doing my essays and a pile of work, but no, i'm just sat here watching the thistopc movies. topc"	positive	twilight
"""so i sat through that for nintendo's announcement and they didn't make one. like, even a trailer for thistopc princess hd would've been fine"""	positive	twilight
"""so laisha, how do you spend your saturday nights?    oh you know, i watch thistopc...by myself.... and eat"""	positive	twilight
spreading the word about our newest thistopc market at the numbrth ave street fair! httpaddr	positive	twilight
takeaway en route and treating the other half to the numbrrd film of the thistopc set topc topc	positive	twilight
"""talking books with my numbrth grade niece at our family christmas she's a dystopian fantasy, thistopc girl. must have learned from twitteraddr"	positive	twilight
thank you experience perth for sharing topc markets - chittering valley thistopc markets on saturday numbrth... httpaddr	positive	twilight
the thistopc sad @ the barras with some of the best folk on saturday is gonna be something special	positive	twilight
"""the thistopc sad, the guinness and the rangers. the perfect saturday. httpaddr"	positive	twilight
the beautiful village where i live is having a christmas market over the weekend.. sat thistopc market and sunday... httpaddr	positive	twilight
"""the fact that i have two exams on sunday, and two exams on monday, and i'm watching thistopc for the twentieth time on mbc numbr"""	positive	twilight
the fact thistopc is on the tele has made my sunday a little bit better	positive	twilight
the sun's glow had given way to a brilliant thistopc that paint the great mountains with violet and orange rivers. topc twitteraddr	positive	twilight
"""this wednesday numbrrd december special thistopc market at numbr.numbrpm until numbr.numbrpm, just in time to buy fresh for christmas!  no market boxing day"""	positive	twilight
this wednesday is the last thistopc race for the year at ravenswood and will include a bbq dinner for all riders... httpaddr	positive	twilight
"""though the films may have faults, the soundtracks to the thistopc movies are perfect for writing. (especially for gothicists). topc"	positive	twilight
"""tomorrow morning, while thistopc is still dim, look for topc beneath the topc"	positive	twilight
"""tomorrow night, numbr years since we ran the very first carols by thistopc in webb st narre warren. don't miss it... httpaddr"	positive	twilight
"""tonight, i rewatch thistopc for the first time (soberly) in numbr years. this is for legitimate research. you may judge mercilessly and cruelly."""	positive	twilight
thistopc - sauble beach has just become my numbrth picture to record numbr views. httpaddr	positive	twilight
"""thistopc market tomorrow numbr-numbrpm all you need for a very, merry xmas ham,pork,vegies,wine twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr"	positive	twilight
"""thistopc thursday at the arms family museum! memories of christmas past is open numbr-numbr today, with music from the mahoning valley chorale."""	positive	twilight
thistopc and hot toddy shower gels on the lush kitchen this wednesday...and so my obsession is rekindled	positive	twilight
"""thistopc sail this friday. departing numbr.numbrpm. bring some beers, wine. bubbles and some nibbles if you wish.  book early!"""	positive	twilight
thistopc spent in hottub with my beloved. no vampires or lycanthropy in sight which was sad. but he kissed me better as we watched sun sink	positive	twilight
"""two weeks from now we have our annual thistopc topc twitteraddr - perfect place for all the fresh chrissy topc numbr-numbrpm, numbr dec"""	positive	twilight
v v excited for thistopc sad at the barras &amp; this rare saturday off. thank you.	positive	twilight
"""was going to play da but man i'm so fucking tired i may just go the fuck to bed. but thistopc is up to numbrk, yay ^_^"""	positive	twilight
watch our stunning display of lights at thistopc topc book now for the numbrth: httpaddr httpaddr	positive	twilight
"""well, thistopc is out of the wash. in her original colours no longer dampened by dirt. days of sun-drying ahead."""	positive	twilight
"""wow, thistopc princess hd is happening on the numbrth of march?!"""	positive	twilight
xmas come early! i'm getting to watch twitteraddr watch thistopc for the numbrst time. her face is hilarious httpaddr	positive	twilight
"""yes, i bought the numbrth anniversary edition of thistopc where she rewrote the book with the genders of all of the characters flipped..."""	positive	twilight
yoga for the mind and soul. join us for thistopc yoga at numbrpm monday evening topc httpaddr httpaddr	positive	twilight
gonna continue to watch thistopc tomorrow i've been leaving the rest of the movie that i didn't watch yet for a long time lmao	positive	twilight
httpaddr no thistopc within the courts of the sun just made me shit my pants near the end. amazing chaotic jazz rock piece.	positive	twilight
i miss you like the moon misses the sun at thistopc	positive	twilight
im going to sleep excited for june numbrth so i can watch thistopc all day every day!	positive	twilight
jeonghan looks like one of the characters in thistopc wearing that hoodie tho httpaddr	positive	twilight
my dad is enjoying thistopc lmao... he keeps tellin me to shush while i quote every numbrnd line bc he wants to watch it	positive	twilight
my fav time of day is after the sun goes down but it's still kinda light out and the sky is a nice blue/purple. thistopc.	positive	twilight
"""okay so on the trip, wednesday i think, all numbr of us gathered in the youth hostel lounge and watched the first thistopc movie"""	positive	twilight
"""thistopc good morning and happy friday, all! anyone else braving the crowds for thistopc tonight?"""	positive	twilight
"""twitteraddr i may not be speaking for the whole world here, but have always thought bono is a wanker &amp; thistopc overrated. there i have said it."""	negative	u2
twitteraddr naww thistopc may not be the best band for you then	negative	u2
"""twitteraddr thistopc, at this point, may be the worst thistopc tribute band."""	negative	u2
i'm pretty sure thistopc invented the numbrrd world so they had someone who actually looked them.	negative	u2
or maybe apple will bring thistopc back. we're kidding. thistopc is totally not going to come back  haha  httpaddr	negative	u2
"""sunday candy is a better song than thistopc or temper trap have ever written. and it's a rapper and his live band, so,"""	negative	u2
that thistopc album that they sneaked unto my itunes is still there. i swear i deleted it. lord knows bono may be the anti-christ.	negative	u2
today i sat down and make a conscious effort to try to actually like a thistopc song. unsuccessful.	negative	u2
topc hand delivered pizza to fans waiting in ga line for the thistopc concert tomorrow. this band is the definition of awesome. topc topc	positive	u2
topc topc numbrsoslistenedto: calum listened to (and tweeted about) sunday bloody sunday (live) by thistopc!	positive	u2
"""topc only had one cassette in the car, thistopc's the unforgettable fire, which is great until you get a headache the numbrth time thru"""	positive	u2
"""numbr pm tonite, numbrst time on ptv, i'm on air with thistopc &amp; bruce springsteen. answering topc q's about going from doctor to rockstar.tune in!"""	positive	u2
twitteraddr listened to unforgettable fire last night couldn't stop thinking about us in numbrth grade(?) w/our thistopc concert banner &amp; your mum :(	positive	u2
twitteraddr you should do something extra special for chicago on friday and sing thistopc's ultraviolet. it's so perfect when you sing it.	positive	u2
twitteraddr time for the europeans to enjoy thistopc sitting on the couch on a friday evening :-)	positive	u2
"""twitteraddr all you need to do is catch thistopc to brunel university looool in shaa allah man, i'm free atm. i start in october"""	positive	u2
"""twitteraddr hi jam! can you please play stay by thistopc? thanks, happy friday :)"""	positive	u2
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr i know,by then my thistopc gigs will b over and il b in post concert depression so the timing is great but i wish it was a sat"""	positive	u2
twitteraddr twitteraddr it was only sleepless from around numbram..early enough!! twitteraddr may need to drink heavily when they go &amp; see thistopc!	positive	u2
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr i still remember him from waiting i'm line to see thistopc at sun life. we had a nice chat about thistopc!	positive	u2
twitteraddr twitteraddr i went to numbr zootv gigs at the mcg numbr gig i was numbrth row i was so close to thistopc i was numbr my voice was gone yelling at thistopc	positive	u2
twitteraddr  hi:)   thank you so much.  happy friday to thistopc:)	positive	u2
"""twitteraddr any advise on how to get thistopc tickets for the numbrth, need two ga?"""	positive	u2
"""twitteraddr my view on friday, looks like we had the exact seats this weekend, i guess great thistopc fans think alike! httpaddr"	positive	u2
twitteraddr my girlfriend is a prime case. has gotten big into thistopc lately but didnt know the words to gloria/party girl/electric co/ october	positive	u2
twitteraddr i ran off with thistopc at numbr &amp; i think i'm still grounded! sleeping with sirens in feb next yr too! topc	positive	u2
twitteraddr  hi fiona tomorrow on key numbr top numbr at numbr please can you play me marry j blige thistopc one please thanks fiona	positive	u2
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr pic was taken on may numbrth of this year. attended a thistopc gig on the same day topc	positive	u2
twitteraddr  my first day of work after numbr months  of holidays starts tomorrow. i'm ok as long as i can see thistopc	positive	u2
"""twitteraddr i will hear a thistopc when i pass through the pearly gates. too bad i'm not a sunday school teacher, i'd teach that"""	positive	u2
"""twitteraddr yeah, i'll see thistopc either numbr or numbr times.. and noel will be ~*special*~.. but he he announces the gig before nov numbr i'll go thistopc."""	positive	u2
twitteraddr rocking some thistopc at the saturday night special topc httpaddr	positive	u2
twitteraddr dang that's rough i can only imagine well wishes hope thistopc get some peace going back tomorrow man. can't imagine how you both feel	positive	u2
twitteraddr great article on thistopc's use of the psalms!  it's great to bring some context to those fans who may not be aware of the background.	positive	u2
twitteraddr thistopc brother! all of the men who preach every sunday deserve a great day of rest afterwards!	positive	u2
"""after the exciting news of """"thistopc"""" announcing irish dates in november, here's an interesting little fact, :)  when thistopc... httpaddr"	positive	u2
"""although sincerely happy for all my fellow thistopc fans who met the boys yesterday &amp; who will see them on fri. &amp; sat.,i'm just a wee bit jealous"""	positive	u2
"""amsterdam, be ready. saturday, after show, a group of spanish guys will go singing and dancing thistopc songs on the street. camon."""	positive	u2
"""august numbr, happy birthday dave evans aka the edge from thistopc. httpaddr httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	u2
belting out the thistopc classics on mtv because that my friends is how saturday night should be topc	positive	u2
can you write me two tickets to the thistopc concert at the garden friday night? i love thistopc	positive	u2
fair warning to my 'non thistopc followers' i will be tweeting and rt'ing heavily topc between now and the end of sep numbrst. mute if you want.	positive	u2
"""first hump day of numbr/numbr brought to by: dmb&amp;tim, thistopc &amp; inxs. enjoy your wednesday....learn something"""	positive	u2
"""first time ever on ptv, twitteraddr will be on air with thistopc &amp; bruce springsteen. numbrpm saturday! twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr"	positive	u2
hbo announced they received a pair of specials from bono and thistopc that will air in a documentary in november. will you watch the thistopc special?	positive	u2
"""hold me, thrill me, kiss me, kill me by thistopc was no.numbr in the uk charts on numbr august numbr httpaddr"	positive	u2
"""hi all, if you are anywhere los angeles, and are free on friday, we need thistopc fans for on-camera interviews. see prev tweet"""	positive	u2
"""i don't really know when i started to be interested with thistopc's music, but i can say that original of the species was the numbrst thistopc song i liked."""	positive	u2
i loved thistopc last album the song sleep like a baby tonight was my favorite  httpaddr	positive	u2
i woke up with thistopc stuck in my brain on repeat.   i'm going back to bed. i'll try again tomorrow.	positive	u2
i'm enjoying 'thistopc - sunday bloody sunday' on the classic rock channel at twitteraddr httpaddr	positive	u2
i've been listening to thistopc's music all day. looking forward to the show on friday.	positive	u2
it's that kind of a night that you need to listen to thistopc while thinking of everything that you need to accomplish tomorrow.	positive	u2
jealous of all the people going to see thistopc in october :(	positive	u2
"""just makes you smile when you walk out side, the sun is shining and thistopc's it's a beautiful day is playing in the background."""	positive	u2
"""morning everybody - weather's great, and i hope you all enjoy this tuesday.   as thistopc would say.... httpaddr"	positive	u2
"""my sunday blog is beautiful day. httpaddr not only will you enjoy thistopc, but please take the time... httpaddr"	positive	u2
my mate in turin has spare ticket for thistopc gig tomorrow. i was going but we had a baby this wk! any topc fans in topc want it dm me. topc	positive	u2
"""my turn to be office dj - thistopc on repeat. """"one may come in the name of love.."""""""	positive	u2
"""my wife hates when i watch the sunset listening to thistopc. but i'm not the only one, staring at the sun."""	positive	u2
nothing like it november...  twitteraddr twitteraddr and thistopc... christmas is definitely early!	positive	u2
"""nothing like starting your saturday morning blasting thistopc's where the streets have no name, driving as the sun comes up!"""	positive	u2
now playing on topc : thistopc - sunday bloody sunday  httpaddr numbr's : nothing but the best!	positive	u2
october and the trees are stripped bare of all they wear what do i care? october and kingdoms rise and kingdoms fall but you go on and on thistopc	positive	u2
"""on numbr aug numbr, thistopc's numbrst uk gig on their current tour broke the attendance record for a wembley stadium concert with over numbr,numbr spectators!"""	positive	u2
"""on a monday when i'm waiting for things that are stressing me, numbrst song on the radio? i still haven't what i'm looking for by thistopc. thanks ar."""	positive	u2
"""radio just played thistopc's """"bad"""". which rarely happens &amp; is one of my very favorite songs of all time so my day may have just peaked very early."""	positive	u2
"""sat what you want about thistopc, slag them off if you will, but i still think they were a damn fine class of submarine"""	positive	u2
some band nearby playing thistopc's sunday bloody sunday. that's better than the terrible music my neighbors usually play	positive	u2
"""sunday bloody sunday - thistopc - get wholesome, before the shit hits the fan. httpaddr topc  topc"	positive	u2
sunday frustrated sunday! sung in the manner of thistopc. hello hello! topc topc	positive	u2
the unforgettable fire by thistopc was no.numbr in the uk album charts on numbr august numbr	positive	u2
the song 'sunday bloody sunday' by thistopc has a whole new level of real for me. after visiting the city and memorial sites topc	positive	u2
the sun starting coming out from underneath the clouds and beautiful day by thistopc started playing on the radio. sometimes life just cooperates	positive	u2
"""this friday evening is brought to you by the strains of eric clapton. well played, ipod. sucking up to me after playing thistopc yesterday"""	positive	u2
"""this morning as i sat on the subway on my way to work, listening to thistopc's calirfornia i tuned into and sent love... httpaddr"	positive	u2
tim mahoney performs thistopc with a full band tomorrow night at pioneer place! this is such an awesome concert.  there... httpaddr	positive	u2
"""time for a new tuesday cover! this is thistopc's """"with or without you"""" with ralph koopman!  really enjoyed his join and... httpaddr"	positive	u2
"""to my thistopc followers and everyone else,my twitter feed is going to be full of topc tweets until sunday. topc twitteraddr"	positive	u2
"""today and tomorrow will be the topc all the day my topc will be dedicated about the thistopc concert in turin,... httpaddr"	positive	u2
"""thistopc - concert in the park.. long week, chillin' with the family. numbrth grade flashback. httpaddr"	positive	u2
thistopc concerts in ireland at the end of november possibly?! yesss! hope i get tickets! stuff of dreams to see thistopc live. heroes.	positive	u2
"""thistopc tickets for twitteraddr on sale on monday. will be a tough ticket, &amp; will be concert of the year. httpaddr topc"	positive	u2
"""thistopc's on hiatus but we're not. we'll be in atlanta this thurs/fri. if you're in the area w/ a thistopc tattoo, we'd love to meet up &amp; document you!"""	positive	u2
"""thistopc, foals and chvrches all in the space of three weeks, roll on october/november!"""	positive	u2
unpopular opinion but i don't get the hate for thistopc or nickelback? they may not be the greatest ever but i like both.	positive	u2
we'll see you this saturday for hollywood thistopc! thistopc cover band playing at sagebrush with no cover! get here early!... httpaddr	positive	u2
when the radiostation you work at constantly talks about the thistopc gig tonight and you defo cant wait until tomorrow damnit	positive	u2
who wants to come to thistopc with me? and by that i mean buy me a ticket. httpaddr	positive	u2
"""you'll have a beautiful day - in twitteraddr thistopc ride tomorrow, numbr:numbr! topc httpaddr"	positive	u2
i dont care bout numbr/numbr tour's dvd at this point coz hbo's gonna broadcast thistopc's show in november and that's all i want	positive	u2
"""look, im probably the most powerful and devastating thug that can quote the entirety of thistopc's october album"""	positive	u2
thistopc finished usa/school starts soon &amp; for the first time i sat down and played numbr acoustic tunes on edge's taylor bono gave my son amazing topc	positive	u2
"""i don't blame lee, though. if i understand it correctly, thistopc is basically the messy numbrst draft to the masterpiece that is mockingbird."""	negative	watchman
"""i may never read """"thistopc"""" after this review. what would be the point? httpaddr"	negative	watchman
"""so thistopc is an earlier draft of mockingbird?? people have been had in getting excited for this. c'mon public, you're better than this."""	negative	watchman
to all the people who will buy go set a thistopc tomorrow:  go buy/read to kill a mockingbird instead	negative	watchman
"""worth reading. another troubling argument for why the publication of """"thistopc"""" may have been an act of elder abuse. httpaddr"	negative	watchman
"""topc twitteraddr jon snow was spotted tues in belfast with another popular night thistopc,  where got is currently filming...just sayin!"""	positive	watchman
twitteraddr twitteraddr however conflicted i may feel about thistopc's publication this is a hella great upside to it.	positive	watchman
twitteraddr i can't wait to get thistopc tomorrow...more because i want to see her maturation as a writer. forensic reading.	positive	watchman
"""twitteraddr yes, it's true i've missed all my children but no go set a thistopc gets released tuesday"""	positive	watchman
twitteraddr re-read tkam on the train to truro (long time since i read it). will start thistopc tomorrow. no spoilers pls! :)	positive	watchman
a portion of book sales from our harper lee/go set a thistopc release party on mon. numbr/numbr will support twitteraddr and the great work they do.	positive	watchman
"""all kinds of fun things happening for the launch of go set a thistopc tomorrow - come along for american-style sweets, treats + prizes topc"	positive	watchman
"""are you coming along to one of our go set a thistopc reading groups tomorrow? numbr-numbr, numbr-numbr, and numbr-numbr in store, free to attend. see you there!"""	positive	watchman
"""barnes &amp; noble reported that """"go set a thistopc"""" had its largest numbrst day sale of an adult fiction book ever:... httpaddr"	positive	watchman
"""best email of the day: amazon informed me my copy of """"go set a thistopc"""" will be here tomorrow! yay! numbr days earlier to literary heaven!"""	positive	watchman
"""best-selling books week ended july numbrth. fiction numbr. """"go set a thistopc"""" by harper lee (harpercollins) numbr. """"the isle of the lost"""" by melissa"""	positive	watchman
"""buy go set a thistopc tomorrow guys, it's a big deal"""	positive	watchman
"""did someone say christmas in july?! go set a thistopc comes out today! oh, and i'm busy for the rest of today. no reason. topc"	positive	watchman
"""eager to read go set a thistopc. will be out tomorrow, can't wait to get my hands on it!"""	positive	watchman
"""excited to read """"go set a thistopc"""" on tuesday.  but can it possibly live up to """"to kill a mockingbird?""""  any opinions?"""	positive	watchman
from the mouth of god my heart speaks  numbr july numbr words for today feelings and thistopc!!!  thank you god for... httpaddr	positive	watchman
"""go set a thistopc drops tomorrow. icymi, i talked to indie bookstores around the country about their preparations httpaddr"	positive	watchman
getting my copy of go set a thistopc tomorrow morning . . . should be interesting given the comments of the early reviewers.	positive	watchman
"""go set a thistopc (the sequel to """"to kill a mockingbird"""") hits the bookshelves tomorrow!!!!! topc topc"	positive	watchman
go set a thistopc - the highly anticipated second novel by harper lee is in stock and available for pre order today. - pick up tomorrow.	positive	watchman
go set a thistopc comes out tuesday and i'm really excited for it	positive	watchman
go set a thistopc is out tomorrow! aaaaaahhhhh! even more excited about this than urban decay's naked smokey.	positive	watchman
"""go set a thistopc still at number one.  """"yeah, but it's a sequel. mindfulness coloring book is totally original."""" httpaddr"	positive	watchman
go set a thistopc will be here tomorrow with some pants i ordered :')	positive	watchman
"""go set a thistopc's uk sales top numbr,numbr in one day | books | twitteraddr httpaddr"	positive	watchman
"""go set a thistopc, the only other novel by harper lee set to be a hit as it's released in stores tomorrow! topc httpaddr"	positive	watchman
"""harper lee's go set a thistopc comes out tomorrow, i just want to call into work so i can read it all day."""	positive	watchman
harper lee's go set a thistopc on sale tomorrow. hopefully there are still copies in the nearest bookstore!	positive	watchman
harper lee's second novel go set a thistopc may be block-buster; but the big read is charles dickens' all the year round.	positive	watchman
"""have you read go set a thistopc, yet? it's well worth a read! come chat about it with us on the numbrth at numbrpm in our numbrst book club! topc"	positive	watchman
"""hey! our august book, go set a thistopc by harper lee is out tomorrow for all you eager readers!"""	positive	watchman
"""i can't wait to go home this weekend, relax, see my pets, eat homemade food and read go set a thistopc. is it friday yet?"""	positive	watchman
i get harper lee's new book go set a thistopc tomorrow   i haven't been this excited about a new book in a long long time	positive	watchman
i have two wishes: numbr) that it was tuesday already; numbr) that i had ten eyes so i could read go set a thistopc faster.	positive	watchman
i just realized that go set a thistopc comes out tomorrow!!!	positive	watchman
i may only be three chapters in but go set a thistopc is proving to be a very promising classic in the making. topc topc	positive	watchman
"""it's finally here! tomorrow sees the release of harper lee's go set a thistopc, a sequel to the legendary to kill... httpaddr"	positive	watchman
its getting close. the day is almost upon us. go set a thistopc is tomorrow!! topc	positive	watchman
just two days to go until the publishing event of the decade! go set a thistopc is out on tuesday and you can... httpaddr	positive	watchman
long live the independent topc this one is recalling thistopc. httpaddr	positive	watchman
need to run to the bookstore to pick up a copy of go sat a thistopc by paul blart. topc	positive	watchman
only one day to go before the release of go set a thistopc! see you all at numbr am tomorrow... :)	positive	watchman
people of cirencester! tomorrow is the day before the day! last chance to pre-order go set a thistopc at half price. httpaddr	positive	watchman
"""please, please, please come true. i'm counting down the hours until thistopc's release. httpaddr"	positive	watchman
"""stephen carter: the numbrst line of """"go set a thistopc"""" does what it should: """"it makes us want to know what happens next"""" httpaddr"	positive	watchman
"""surprises in """"go set a thistopc"""" may make readers re-examine """"to kill a mockingbird.""""  httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	watchman
"""tomorrow is the big day!!!!!  do you have your copy reserved?  go set a thistopc, by harper lee.   on sale here... httpaddr"	positive	watchman
this is a harper worth looking forward to. go set a thistopc's numbrst chapter stuns fans with bombshell plot twist httpaddr	positive	watchman
"""to kill a mockingbird may be the better-written work, but go set a thistopc is the more mature book httpaddr"	positive	watchman
"""tomorrow numbr-numbr-numbr the new harper lee novel """"go set a thistopc"""" is released !!!"""	positive	watchman
"""tomorrow, tomorrow, i'll sell you, tomorrow, thistopc's only a day awaaaay. topc topc topc doors open at numbram, see you then! :)"""	positive	watchman
"""was going to wait and start """"go set a thistopc"""" on the plane tomorrow, but i don't think i can wait that long."""	positive	watchman
we thought it would be a great idea to read the brand new go set a thistopc by harper lee starting august numbrst! httpaddr	positive	watchman
"""who else is excited about go set a thistopc by harper lee, which hits stores this tuesday? stop by barnes &amp; noble... httpaddr"	positive	watchman
will try to watch brave first then will deal with ahs while sulking over go set a thistopc tomorrow	positive	watchman
twitteraddr twitteraddr ya i know. i was frustrated &amp; had my numbrst ever twitter over reaction. it was more me just hate losing to thistopc.	negative	white sox
twitteraddr - yep. believe the indians are in the numbrth slot (lost today) and the thistopc are numbrth (losing). tigers numbrth.	negative	white sox
"""twitteraddr unfortunately, the thistopc haven't helped much this week. hoping samardzija can help tomorrow afternoon."""	negative	white sox
"""carlos rodon (twitteraddr is on pace for his numbrth straight quality start (numbr ip, numbr er, numbrks), but the thistopc are currently down numbr-numbr"""	negative	white sox
"""i hate the thistopc with the white-hot heat of numbr suns.  do better tomorrow, royals."""	negative	white sox
"""i mean, the tigers may be having a horrifying season but at least they don't have to wear those thistopc throwback uniforms"""	negative	white sox
"""i'm not kidding, the thistopc are running a promotion called """"selfie sunday"""". and they wonder why they're the numbrnd team in the numbrnd city"""	negative	white sox
it's september numbrst and this is what the thistopc are. it's sad to think about.	negative	white sox
"""okay so the thistopc suck, rose and kane may be sexual predators, and cobb and nelson are hurt before game one. sports suck."""	negative	white sox
the thistopc really are in no-man's land.   numbr.numbr games back in the numbrnd wild card numbr.numbr games from a protected numbrst rd pick	negative	white sox
these thistopc untucked unis may be the most atrocious uniform i've ever seen	negative	white sox
tom wilhelmsen locked down his fifth save of the season with a perfect ninth inning in friday's numbr-numbr win over the thistopc. topc topc	negative	white sox
thistopc are lowest scoring team in the american league httpaddr	negative	white sox
"""[httpaddr  thistopc on wrong page, no matter the chapter  (sat, numbr aug numbr numbr:numbr:numbr est) httpaddr"	negative	white sox
watching the mariners &amp; thistopc...these thistopc uniforms may be the ugliest ever	negative	white sox
topc tweets: thistopc take a numbr-numbr lead in the numbrth. topc topc httpaddr	positive	white sox
twitteraddr i'm going to the thistopc game on labor day. numbrpm start. free tshirt monday!!!	positive	white sox
twitteraddr hell yeah. i'm ready for sunday to get here. going to the thistopc game. it's been a while!!!	positive	white sox
twitteraddr nothing wrong with that. busy day tomorrow with thistopc baseball and the heat!!	positive	white sox
alexei ramirez's numbr-run homer gives the thistopc a numbr-numbr lead over the royals in the numbrth inning.	positive	white sox
and that's numbr runs on numbr hit here in the numbrth for the thistopc...... topc	positive	white sox
"""booom! winner! thistopc vs. royals over numbr.numbr numbr units  buy numbr day package, get labor day monday free!  save $numbr! httpaddr"	positive	white sox
big inning for the thistopc. that error by alexei ramirez that allowed a run to score in the top of numbrth weighing heavily right now.	positive	white sox
chris sale will take a no hitter into the numbrth today and the thistopc will win a wild card. you heard it here first	positive	white sox
diggin the blue jays' canada jerseys. would be cool if they wore them every sunday home game like the thistopc do with their retros.	positive	white sox
dodgers are numbrth in fewest days between no-hitters with numbr days. the thistopc lead with numbr.	positive	white sox
"""garcia hit sacrifice fly to left, eaton scored, abreu tagged out at second. thistopc lead the mariners numbr-numbr in the bottom of the numbrth"""	positive	white sox
"""if the thistopc can push one more run across the plate before cle scores, it'll be numbrth consecutive game they've jumped out to a numbr-numbr lead."""	positive	white sox
"""john danks retires the royals lineup in order in the numbrrd, numbrth and numbrth innings. thistopc still leading numbr-numbr, top of numbr."""	positive	white sox
"""kris bryant with another walk off home run in the numbrth, even as a thistopc fan this is fun too watch.."""	positive	white sox
looks like i'm going to another thistopc game wednesday night! twitteraddr	positive	white sox
miguel sano hit his numbrth homer wednesday off the thistopc's carlos rodon. topc	positive	white sox
the twins are practically giving away tickets for the game on september numbrst vs the thistopc.  $numbr for skyline view seats!	positive	white sox
"""the thistopc say mike olt is expected to join the team """"in the coming days."""" sox back here against the indians on monday."""	positive	white sox
the thistopc swept the royals aka the numbrnd best team in the mlb	positive	white sox
thinking about going to the thistopc on the numbrth to cheer for the topc topc :-) httpaddr	positive	white sox
this is fun. we should play the thistopc more often. httpaddr	positive	white sox
"""thompson, thistopc rally to edge red sox: trayce thompson was numbr-for-numbr with numbr rbi tuesday night while li... httpaddr topc"	positive	white sox
tonight's final: numbr-numbr!!!!  thistopc win their numbrth of the season. rodon wins his numbrth! httpaddr	positive	white sox
"""trayce thompson continued tearing the cover off the ball tuesday, going numbr-for-numbr with three rbi as the thistopc edged the red sox numbr-numbr."""	positive	white sox
welp. thistopc dominating the topc may be time to go back to the full strength lineup tomorrow.	positive	white sox
thistopc numbr-numbr over twins??!!  they came from behind in the numbrth	positive	white sox
"""thistopc cut the topc lead to numbr-numbr in the numbrth and that's it for kuma.  final line: numbr.numbr ip, numbr h, numbr r, numbr bb &amp; numbr k. httpaddr"	positive	white sox
"""thistopc get numbr hits, make numbr outs on bases that inning. manage a run on sanchez numbr-out single to center. soto in rundown to end numbrnd. numbr-numbr"""	positive	white sox
"""thistopc lead the mariners numbr-numbr at the end of the numbrth. pitching: sea r elias, chw c rodon (espn) httpaddr"	positive	white sox
thistopc take a numbr-numbr lead in the numbrnd on a numbr-run triple by maiker feliz. topc	positive	white sox
thistopc take game one of the series in their throwback uniforms numbr-numbr. blog to come tomorrow! topc	positive	white sox
thistopc take the lead on csn! httpaddr	positive	white sox
"""thistopc vs red sox tomorrow, cubs vs reds on the numbrst, n bears vs packers on the numbrth. what a good going away present!"""	positive	white sox
"""thistopc win a challenge, alexei ramirez ruled safe at second upon review. sanchez up with numbr out in the numbrth."""	positive	white sox
with that sweep of the royals.thistopc  are now numbr games closer to numbrst place!topc topc	positive	white sox
you can put it in the board!! hell yes! thistopc lead numbr-numbr on abreu's numbrth of the season!! httpaddr	positive	white sox
zach duke gives up a solo homer to jose ramirez in the numbrth. thistopc lead now at numbr-numbr.	positive	white sox
topc   gurdaspur terror attack is likely turn the public opinion against thistopc who may not get any relief from any quarter now.	negative	yakub
topc matter of fate; thistopc to be hanged tomorrow on his b'day. apart numbrrm all v sud nt forget dat he is being paid off numbr his sins.	negative	yakub
topc thistopc should be hang by tomorrow any how.then it will be great victory of our hindustan constitutionthe half part we have won.	negative	yakub
"""topc my numbryr old exclaimed, tomorrow will be the worst birthday for thistopc but his numbrst bday was worst for the country! makes sense"""	negative	yakub
...thistopc may well deserve the finding of guilt. the courts may well have rendered the correct judgments in the... httpaddr	negative	yakub
.twitteraddr twitteraddr sunday column  praveen swami: thistopc was just a small time smuggler	negative	yakub
"""twitteraddr the way msm and leftists are crying for thistopc, ppl may mistake him as some son-of-soil patriot sacrificing himself for nation"""	negative	yakub
twitteraddr ur terrorist is going to be hanged tomorrow thistopc. stop sending terrorist u failed nation!!	negative	yakub
twitteraddr look i can understand the argument for abolishing death penalty. you may have a point. but remorse for thistopc? give me a break	negative	yakub
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr tiger is in the terrorist haven under the protective arm of pak! so u may tweet """"hang him!""""!is thistopc innocent?"""	negative	yakub
twitteraddr by religion you are muslim and that is why you may have pain for thistopc but he was involved in the killing of numbr people..	negative	yakub
twitteraddr r you drunk?how is thistopc innocent?numbrst time dissapointed by you	negative	yakub
twitteraddr u supported thistopc.  have guts to show solidarity with topc victims ?  remember cockroach from wednesday?	negative	yakub
"""twitteraddr thistopc arranged funds for the blast,dats an equal crime. ppl who loose their luvd ones knw d pain nd who dnt may god giv dem numbr."""	negative	yakub
twitteraddr was this media mafia behind the fact that thistopc got front page coverage when lt respected kalam was on numbrrd or even numbrth page	negative	yakub
twitteraddr thistopc has to be hanged and he will definitely be hanged at numbr am tomorrow morning. birthday = death day.	negative	yakub
twitteraddr media did sympathize with thistopc n help in producing many young thistopcs in india. but you guys claim u r numbrth pillar.bloody shame	negative	yakub
twitteraddr it is good news for times now as the terrorist may be glorified like thistopc.	negative	yakub
"""twitteraddr btw how much money you charged from """"eminent people"""" to make thistopc's headline a prominent one ??? httpaddr"	negative	yakub
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr  if congree rule at this time, thistopc may be on street with the help of numbr ami chando."""	negative	yakub
twitteraddr btw thistopc was a good terrorist !! may he never rest in peace ..	negative	yakub
twitteraddr why abp is telecasting thistopc family interview.  it is to get the sympathy.  abp may be hanged along with thistopc	negative	yakub
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr is wrong: dr apj the ex-president passed on july numbr; thistopc the terrorist was hanged till death on jul numbr	negative	yakub
twitteraddr go &amp; try your best to save him but we will make sure that bloody thistopc will be dead by july numbrth !!!	negative	yakub
"""twitteraddr agree with numbrnd part,but thistopc is no reason. best logical argument against his hanging by twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr"	negative	yakub
twitteraddr thistopc's guilt has been proved &amp; pardon plea rejected. why should a sane man spk it now. excusing pseudo-innocent may encourage criminal	negative	yakub
"""twitteraddr  this people who try  to save """"thistopc""""  may be with daud  n   chuha tiger""""...gaddar gang"""""""	negative	yakub
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr tomorrow morning u will get reply, thistopc will be hanged. india is not going to be govern by presstitutes,"""	negative	yakub
twitteraddr  oh.numbr days is there?   thanks for the information. any way this is the numbrnd mercy petition. this has no value.  thistopc has to hang	negative	yakub
"""twitteraddr hey fucker! cry as much u want.ur """"bother"""" thistopc is going to be hang tomorrow.suck it bitch."""	negative	yakub
twitteraddr citizens are confused on thistopc undoubtedly he is a traitor and numbrnd is he is traitor turned informer .... let raw win.	negative	yakub
twitteraddr y don't u ask ur reporters to collect pottys of thistopc menon so tomorrow you can sell it as secular fertiliser..rubbish reporting shame	negative	yakub
"""twitteraddr no issues if he is saving an innocent of any religion, but thistopc killed hundreds of innocent, tomo bhushan may back isis too!"""	negative	yakub
"""twitteraddr you are right,  thistopc's mourners may be the supporters of terrorism,  they should be under scaner."""	negative	yakub
"""twitteraddr i just can't believe ppl like you exist, why don't u and thistopc just elope to pakistan.httpaddr"	negative	yakub
twitteraddr may be but now it seems inevitable. looks like pay back time  for thistopc!	negative	yakub
twitteraddr  it was deplorable to say the least of you to dedicate almost numbr pages to thistopc &amp; ironically mr. kalam on numbrth page. sad day	negative	yakub
actually today was thistopc's birthday. i wish him many many returns of this day. may he hang in hell too.!!	negative	yakub
"""all those who petitioned for stopping thistopc's hanging , may hang themselves ...this would be the best  """"shraddhanjali"""" to him"""	negative	yakub
"""and like all those left behind by the numbr people he helped kill, hope thistopc's daughter finds peace &amp; a better world. she turns numbr tomorrow."""	negative	yakub
bajrangi bhai jan i do agree with you brother should not be hanged for brother.  but mr. thistopc is also accused...... httpaddr	negative	yakub
but it's nothing that numbr families lost their family members because of thistopc.  httpaddr	negative	yakub
conviction of thistopc by highest courts is being numbrnd guessed by the likes of twitteraddr with zero knowledge of law. contempt of court?	negative	yakub
daring jrn'sm yes twitteraddr fumbled twitteraddr is not with thistopc or agst babu/may but for all mass killers  httpaddr	negative	yakub
"""death threat to justice dipak misra who refused thistopc's mercy petition""""irrespective of the protection you may avail, we will eliminate you."""""""	negative	yakub
final decision about death should be made after the arrest of tiger memon..may be tiger forced to thistopc for doing that...	negative	yakub
happy to see cogent views from most of the section of society. thistopc was a terrorist. capital punishment may be a... httpaddr	negative	yakub
hats off to dupreme court who sat till early morning n did not allow attempt to postpone the hanging of thistopc.	negative	yakub
highly disappointed with twitteraddr : thistopc's last rites on numbrst page news whereas dr.kalam who was laid to rest at ramehswaram on page numbr	negative	yakub
"""i guess, sp or congress ruled states may create terrorists welfare ministry soon. thistopc's wife will be the numbrst minister"""	negative	yakub
"""i may sound cruel, be it, it's nice to have terrorists like thistopc languishing in prison, dying bit by bit, before actually being hanged..."""	negative	yakub
"""i think aftr seeing all this topc drama, the security guy at d jail would like to shoot thistopc dead rather than hanging him tomorrow"""	negative	yakub
"""i want to hear thistopc dead, when i wake up tomorrow topc"	negative	yakub
i wish mani shankar aiyar commit suicide tonight to meet thistopc tomorrow in hell	negative	yakub
"""if indian agencies just lookout for who were in contact with these people trying to save thistopc, they may end up finding all conspirators !"""	negative	yakub
if thistopc is not dead by this time tomorrow- let the judges who delayed it pay for his upkeep.my tax money is not meant to for terrorists	negative	yakub
"""if v leave thistopc today, tomorrow again he ll kill numbr innocent people. what kind of justice,is it?topc"	negative	yakub
"""it has become a wrong trend to protect the person who has been punished by sc &amp; president,without any numbrnd thought thistopc be hangedtopc"	negative	yakub
"""kurian joseph, who raised stupid doubts about modi's good friday meet, now questions about thistopc's death penalty.some ppl never learn"""	negative	yakub
lol too clever by half! your daddy was disappointed over thistopc's hanging &amp; he was a dreaded terrorist! get it?  httpaddr	negative	yakub
lakh of cases r pending in supreme court even than thistopc's case being heard numbr/numbrth time today as if there no work in court.public want answer	negative	yakub
leftist communists want it rewritten to show thistopc as an innocent saviour unlike what was originally written!   httpaddr	negative	yakub
liberals supporting thistopc today are the same guys who will support isis tomorrow..	negative	yakub
"""may i know twitteraddr do you have any proof that thistopc is innocent? topc"	negative	yakub
"""no media hallah no julush for  late sepoy rachpal singh. or it may be he is not terorist like thistopc .""""narendramodi httpaddr"	negative	yakub
one may argue if hanging thistopc was right or wrong. but the people who are trying to portray him as a communal hero are purely anti-national	negative	yakub
"""people seeking mercy for thistopc, hope this punjab terror attack may jolt you out of stupidity into reality topc"	negative	yakub
"""persons who are favoring thistopc menen, may be happy on gurdaspur attack. those persons should also be hanged till death along with thistopc."""	negative	yakub
"""pranab mukherjee has just again rejected thistopc's numbrnd mercy petition, hanging would be on as per schedule at numbram tomorrow topc ."""	negative	yakub
salman you may be a celebrity but that doesn't mean you have the licence to say thistopc is innocent.just stick to acting.	negative	yakub
"""salman's views in favour of thistopc can be usedby prosecution in hit n run case tp prove him not a law abiding citizen,it may cost him dearly"""	negative	yakub
so thistopc's wife was lying when she said we know nothing about tiger memon.  httpaddr	negative	yakub
"""spare me the nuances, thistopc is certainly not innocent. rarest of the rare case? may be! topc"	negative	yakub
still not clear whether thistopc will be hanged thursday! one more challenge to his death sentence in the sc	negative	yakub
stupid view completely one sided. do you think we enjoyed media bias on thistopc death sentence?  httpaddr	negative	yakub
"""the mumbai blasts convict thistopc memon hanged.  seculars may sign a petition to declare thistopc as a """"good terrorist"""" as he died on his b'day."""	negative	yakub
the march of isis seems to have begun in india with thistopc's funeral. they want to wave off murder of numbr on mere repentance?	negative	yakub
"""tiger memon rang up family on july numbr before thistopc's hanging: instead of grieving for his brother who was about to die, tiger was  ta..."""	negative	yakub
tomorrow they will discuss topc after their friday prayer. bad part is numbrs of youth will get inspired to be the next thistopc.	negative	yakub
very bad idea numbr allow the dead body of thistopc to come to mumbai-situation may become evn more tense twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr	negative	yakub
"""well jokes apart, today or tomorrow thistopc has to meet with with numbr hoors. s"""	negative	yakub
"""why thistopc is so scared of death, when he is sure of getting numbr virgins tomorrow? why siculars are denying allah's guaranteed reward? sad."""	negative	yakub
"""worse ! thistopc was the polished thinktank ceo, tiger was the roughneck shop-floor-foreman of this evil-enterprise !  httpaddr"	negative	yakub
would love to watch the live screening of thistopc being hanged tomorrow... topc	negative	yakub
thistopc deserved what he did.still numbr years he chill the life.but the destiny is tomorrow hang till death. topc twitteraddr	negative	yakub
thistopc coverage: outrage over notice to channels: various journalists' bodies on saturday expressed shock over the show-cause notice s...	negative	yakub
thistopc death may be unfortunate bt we shud respect sc's decision n not vitiate atmosphere in the name of religion topc topc	negative	yakub
thistopc financed the blasts and died but his brother did not care enough for him.  tiger did not come and surrender  t httpaddr	negative	yakub
thistopc has gone. whatever happened may be right. i want asked kiran bedi .that whatever thistopc done.it was wrong  but after babri masjid --	negative	yakub
"""thistopc is hanged.y d cry!!y d nonsense over his religion.whtevr religion he may belong numbr,he ws a terrorist n thts all numbr needs numbr c n undrstnd"""	negative	yakub
"""thistopc may have been an indian citizen, but for as a terrorist, he was as much a pakistani as was kasab and the terrorist caught today"""	negative	yakub
thistopc may or may not hav deseved death but he definitely deservd life imprisonment numbrhis deeds.shame on those who are painting him as a saint	negative	yakub
thistopc meets destiny chosen by himself. for the killers waiting may be longer the destination will be the same!!!!	negative	yakub
thistopc should be hanged to death tomorrow the mumbai's culprid else will oppose it by following a black day	negative	yakub
thistopc to be hanged at numbram tomorrow. thistopc's birthday will be his death day	negative	yakub
"""thistopc will be hanged on july numbr anyway! so why tweet in his support now? nothing to do with his movie running in theatres. eh, bhaijaan?"""	negative	yakub
thistopc will be hanged tomorrow. the law has finally taken its own course of time and the time period. numbr years .	negative	yakub
thistopc's mercy plea has been rejected.  may you be served justice in here after.  topc	negative	yakub
"""thistopc's hanging may have created a fear in the minds of the terrorists, but it hasn't created any difference in our country"""	negative	yakub
you may oppose death penalty...you may demand justice for riot victims but none of this makes thistopc an innocent bystander.stop this nonsense	negative	yakub
all the jerks who signed petitions for mercy for thistopc have ensured he doesnt go out for them .. no?  httpaddr	negative	yakub
having thistopc's news on the numbrst page by all leading news papers is saddest thing! shame on you twitteraddr twitteraddr  topc	negative	yakub
"""if thistopc had faith in indian judicial system that he came back, why did he blow up people in mar-numbr as justice for riot victims?"""	negative	yakub
if you are confident thistopc was innocent  why you not push tiger before numbr july ? httpaddr	negative	yakub
one may argue thistopc has gone thro process. hanging on his birthday is bigger message and scar to paki lovers. dangerous game has just begun	negative	yakub
"""topc the blasts may've been planned by tiger, but it needed impeccable execution, and thistopc did a great job here, reports say.."""	positive	yakub
twitteraddr give u r tribute to thistopc by watching the movie black friday numbr times :)	positive	yakub
"""at numbr:numbr am - hey thistopc, happy birthday... may god give you a long life   *awkward silence*"""	positive	yakub
i don't have faith on  constitution.sorry to thistopc's family.. may god bless thistopc's soul with rest and peace in heaven.hang rapist first..	positive	yakub
"""mishra, roy, pant hope they don't carry the hindutva tint in judgements. for thistopc, for life!! httpaddr"	positive	yakub
thistopc and homework and cooking and cleaning tomorrow means scandal all night tonight okay.	negative	yoga
topc topc are you ready for some free hot thistopc? sept numbr - numbr enjoy one free week of sweet sweaty goodness. httpaddr	positive	yoga
"""topc get in shape this wednesday with thistopc numbrpm - numbr:numbrpm all levels welcome, topc"	positive	yoga
topc thistopc every saturday at beach lawn garden numbr-numbram. going to carry on outdoors every weekend until defeated by the weather! :)	positive	yoga
"""topc and bier this saturday twitteraddr with annamarie at numbr:numbr!  donation thistopc, bring $ for bier.  all proceeds go to twitteraddr"	positive	yoga
twitteraddr we have thistopc @ mitchell park but it's every friday and i work every friday :( i miss u mucho btw	positive	yoga
"""twitteraddr yesterday was recovery swim after a half marathon. tonight's thistopc. tomorrow, going to a new run club! :) topc"	positive	yoga
"""twitteraddr definitely, i'm free pretty much all eve but may go to thistopc at numbr! some good anecdotes for you"""	positive	yoga
"""twitteraddr she was like, """"yah, thistopc pants are important"""".  now on to next part to meet with all the doctors on the numbrth and set a date."""	positive	yoga
twitteraddr i'm going to start thistopc with twitteraddr tomorrow!	positive	yoga
twitteraddr is going to be arriving at the twitteraddr tomorrow for the topc come and try thistopc for free! httpaddr	positive	yoga
back to our normal schedule tomorrow! get the kids to school and get yourself to thistopc!!!   numbr:numbr -   vinyasa... httpaddr	positive	yoga
beautiful sunday \l/ let's practice thistopc! new sunday class alert! numbr.numbram starting today with the gorgeous anina... httpaddr	positive	yoga
been having so much fun in the ocean!! can't wait for tomorrow's big waves but off to thistopc to stretch it out! yewwww httpaddr	positive	yoga
can't wait for our first vinyasa power thistopc class tomorrow with our new instructor arielle!  come join us at... httpaddr	positive	yoga
check out my new blog post ...roc'n wednesday! inner peace through dharma thistopc with maryam - httpaddr	positive	yoga
classes tomorrow... have you ever wanted to try pilates or thistopc?  great exercises for both mind and body.... httpaddr	positive	yoga
decided to start going to thistopc classes again. starting tomorrow. better clean my mat then..	positive	yoga
don't forget: free thistopc at our clarendon location tomorrow at numbr:numbr am! enjoy a class with one of our staff members. httpaddr	positive	yoga
don't forget- thistopc in haggard park at numbr:numbra on monday!!! see you there! httpaddr httpaddr	positive	yoga
"""even the toughest fighters can benefit from a bit of thistopc. here are the white collar boxers fighting on saturday,... httpaddr"	positive	yoga
excited to move &amp; sweat at the topc thistopc workshop this sat httpaddr are you coming? topc topc httpaddr	positive	yoga
followed up morning thistopc with a little black bear diner. sunday funday at its finest.	positive	yoga
free sup thistopc demos this saturday courtesy of instructor twitteraddr come try it while you're at... httpaddr	positive	yoga
good morning! who is up with the sun? starting my morning routine with some thistopc. what do you all do to make it a great day?	positive	yoga
good day to double up on thistopc!  haha httpaddr	positive	yoga
"""good morning dallas! sunday funday ahead with thistopc, brunch and ty ku sake. who's coming?? httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	yoga
good morning! next sunday (sept numbrth) our thistopc class starts with alex. numbram at our new cobblestone location. we... httpaddr	positive	yoga
happy sunday! open normal hours today starting with thistopc at numbr:numbr! grab a growler fill for tomorrow's bbq! httpaddr	positive	yoga
happy birthday thistopc with twitteraddr to celebrate my numbrrd! topc topc	positive	yoga
hatha thistopc student would do well to learn about the play of opposites represented by the sun and moon. start... httpaddr	positive	yoga
have you tried one of our fab new thistopc classes we have a brand new thistopc class on a monday evening with david... httpaddr	positive	yoga
"""hi all!  i'm extending my weekend by one day!  so, please do something else life-giving tues. night instead of thistopc!  namaste, nancy"""	positive	yoga
hocking hills thistopc studio had a great explore thistopc class at the winery tonight! next class is thursday at numbrpm! topc	positive	yoga
hola sweeties.  happy wednesday. had a great night at thistopc and pilates last night and it was great mandi joined me.  xxx :d	positive	yoga
holy thistopc in webster groves resumes tomorrow! come practice thistopc and reset the posture of your heart.... httpaddr	positive	yoga
hot thistopc was intense tonight. hope i can handle the power vinyasa class on friday. eeek	positive	yoga
i haven't been to thistopc since before i went to europe in july. i'm so excited to take up my practice starting tonight.	positive	yoga
in the mood for some thistopc? there will be a thistopc session from numbr:numbr-numbr:numbrpm in the baltic room on wednesday numbr-numbr-numbr. water will be provided.	positive	yoga
it's been a good day.  a busy day. but a good one.  new glasses prescription. ordering new frames tuesday. did some drawing.  now thistopc!!!	positive	yoga
join us for this partner thistopc specialty class at our rio rancho club location next sunday! see you there. httpaddr	positive	yoga
"""ladies! due to a scheduling conflict with our instructor, thistopc will be tomorrow instead of thursday. be prepared to limber up! topc"	positive	yoga
let's go for thistopc!   every sunday morning numbr:numbr - numbr:numbr at buddha mind monastery!  free &amp; open to the public. httpaddr	positive	yoga
"""like thistopc? this monday is a free day of thistopc in austin! of course, if you stay at the fairview in the live oak... httpaddr"	positive	yoga
"""long weekend!! thistopc outside under the sun, tai chi set and chai tea for quiet time with the dao te ching. namaste httpaddr"	positive	yoga
make a change...start your day with a morning thistopc practice tuesday numbram twitteraddr topc httpaddr	positive	yoga
"""marnin! started my day with numbr sun salutes, (thistopc position that sounds like a cocktail) &amp; a foam roll, (gym equipment that sounds like cake)"""	positive	yoga
"""monday hatha thistopc numbr.numbr chris dropped in to give a bit of yang balance to the yin in the room from helen, gabi,... httpaddr"	positive	yoga
monday night thistopc! well you all brought some sunshine to the studio for my first day back teaching.  ashtanga... httpaddr	positive	yoga
monday stressing you out? try these calming thistopc moves httpaddr httpaddr	positive	yoga
"""monday. go get it. come along for thistopc tonight, numbr:numbrpm. i'm back with all the enthusiasm of a puppy in a... httpaddr"	positive	yoga
"""my butt cheeks hurt and i love it! thistopc, lunges and squats lol might go back for round numbr of thistopc on thursday...the positions we did&gt;&gt;&gt;"""	positive	yoga
namaste ~ we have a relaxing weekend planned for you!  numbr sept numbr:numbr am kid's thistopc at baransu &amp; numbr pm beginner... httpaddr	positive	yoga
rise and shine! start your week with thistopc at twitteraddr every monday at numbram	positive	yoga
"""riverside thistopc on race street pier was an awesome way to start my day. going to get a long run in, and then it's sunday funday tonight."""	positive	yoga
sunday's practices..... i hope you can join us.  numbr:numbram. hot thistopc w/ deirdre trama numbr:numbram. open flow clarissa... httpaddr	positive	yoga
"""so i guess i'm going to hot thistopc tomorrow morning, this should be interesting"""	positive	yoga
starting sunday w/ thistopc is a great start to day. need that class twitteraddr topc	positive	yoga
sunday funday thistopc poses for you all to try topc topc httpaddr	positive	yoga
tomorrow thistopc practice is about connecting with our third eye! new soundtrack too!!!! topc topc	positive	yoga
tomorrow kicks off numbr$ class week! come try out our new morning classes. slow burn thistopc with barrett starts at numbr:numbr tomorrow am!	positive	yoga
tuesday class at numbr:numbr pm...thistopc for every body; perfect end of first day of school! httpaddr	positive	yoga
tuesday is a great day at love life hot thistopc with great classes to choose from! breathe. move. sweat. at numbr:numbr (numbr... httpaddr	positive	yoga
we are so excited to announce our adult fitness program for the numbr-numbr season! join us for thistopc on monday... httpaddr	positive	yoga
we have added a second night of thistopc which will start this thursday at numbr:numbrpm! hope to see you there! topc httpaddr	positive	yoga
"""thistopc for runners sept numbr. improve strength, flexibility &amp; focus to make it to the finish line. httpaddr httpaddr"	positive	yoga
"""thistopc and aging gently starts tomorrow at numbrpm with these mature, wise teachers. aging gracefully allows us to... httpaddr"	positive	yoga
"""thistopc at home, then walking in the woods in the sun twitteraddr fizz &amp; catch up  with the mother in the garden topc"	positive	yoga
thistopc can help your child concentrate at school. research shows that the deep breathing exercises may improve children's focus.	positive	yoga
thistopc can improve sex and may even prevent and treat sex problems by increasing the overall health of the cardiovascular system.	positive	yoga
thistopc class! wed at numbrpm! healing arts collective in philadelphia - check the link for details httpaddr	positive	yoga
thistopc is good also for the skin !httpaddr	positive	yoga
thistopc is the only reason i get up early on sunday	positive	yoga
thistopc successfully negotiated with only a hint of knee collapse but no meditation today. tomorrow is the one and all will be well..in theory.	positive	yoga
"""thistopc teachers... are you ready?? twitteraddr freshers... are you ready?? twitteraddr topc lands tomorrow, join us for free thistopc!"""	positive	yoga
thistopc tomorrow at numbr:numbr pm at illuminate! i can't wait to see you guys there!	positive	yoga
thistopc with kids! all welcome fun beginner thistopc class mooroolbark $numbr tomorrow morning numbr:numbram :) httpaddr	positive	yoga
"""thistopc's been around for numbr,numbr years but the sun salutation has only existed numbr years. interesting programme on bbcnumbr."""	positive	yoga
"""thistopc, removing the obstacles that may obstruct our light shining through topc topc httpaddr"	positive	yoga
"""thistopc, the sunrise and a nice long run easy sunday morning"""	positive	yoga
waken the body &amp; mind.join our monday numbram hatha thistopc open level.start the week energised and refreshed.clear the mind. join twitteraddr	positive	yoga
"""also thistopc will officially go for adds on september numbr with """"beautiful drug."""" you already know how much i hate this."""	negative	zac brown band
i've been at the beach since friday and i still haven't listened to  thistopc. what is wrong with me??	negative	zac brown band
thistopc - goodbye in her eyes fuck you  maggoot kbg numbrrd mate russia putin fuck you	negative	zac brown band
topc are you ready for the thistopc this sunday night at spac? httpaddr	positive	zac brown band
"""numbrst time i saw thistopc @ twitteraddr park, they opened for twitteraddr numbrnite, they just covered """"stay (wasting time)"""". yay!!"""	positive	zac brown band
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr what have i missed? we're going to ohio next week? just have me back on sunday for thistopc.	positive	zac brown band
"""twitteraddr was at the thistopc concert in philly on saturday. saw a lot of """"jailbait"""" and immediately thought of you. it was weird."""	positive	zac brown band
twitteraddr so glad i was the grand prize winner to see thistopc i can't wait til october :)	positive	zac brown band
twitteraddr is it true we can go to the cne for free with a concert tix? going to thistopc sept numbr.	positive	zac brown band
twitteraddr i'll be indy sunday night of thistopc concert! but we need to plan a get together with everyone soon	positive	zac brown band
twitteraddr yes! they arent out yet it's presale rn. i looked him up and he isn't coming anytime soon but thistopc is coming in oct.	positive	zac brown band
twitteraddr yes!! i do love a bit of thistopc on my sunday &lt;numbr thank you so much :- )	positive	zac brown band
twitteraddr please play toes by the thistopc in honor of my vacation that starts next tuesday!	positive	zac brown band
twitteraddr twitteraddr could happen again tomorrow night - with crazy thistopc fans	positive	zac brown band
twitteraddr the thistopc is coming to socal in october! if you know who they are ahaa	positive	zac brown band
twitteraddr molson amphitheatre!! seeing thistopc!! and he and his crew just came and sat in front of us ahah	positive	zac brown band
twitteraddr no im going this september numbrrd to watch thistopc	positive	zac brown band
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr agreed, especially friday night! i love thistopc and it will be the first time i see them live (:"""	positive	zac brown band
"""twitteraddr i can tell man, i'm going to thistopc on saturday, that should be fun as hell."""	positive	zac brown band
"""twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr next year, craven will have the thistopc on friday after years of requesting them!"""	positive	zac brown band
anyone going to thistopc concert this saturday?	positive	zac brown band
anyone going to thistopc that needs a spot to camp? sunday night?	positive	zac brown band
anyone want a ticket for thistopc for saturday at citizens bank....i am selling one for $numbr	positive	zac brown band
anyone want to buy some thistopc tickets for sept numbr?	positive	zac brown band
anything keeping me going is the thistopc concert in november	positive	zac brown band
are you wearing your topc shirt at thistopc today?! tweet us your seats &amp; we just may upgrade you! topc	positive	zac brown band
been listening to thistopc on repeat for the last week. can't wait till tomorrow! twitteraddr twitteraddr topc	positive	zac brown band
can't wait to see thistopc for the numbrnd time tonight!	positive	zac brown band
domino's song of the day for tuesday july numbrth is: thistopc - chicken fried. listen for it sometime between... httpaddr	positive	zac brown band
drake white and the big fire.  tonight and tomorrow at citifield with thistopc.  they go on at numbrp.  don't... httpaddr	positive	zac brown band
extra thistopc ticket for friday is anyone is interested !!!! (you get to sit with me and my sisters)	positive	zac brown band
fact: if you listen to thistopc on a gloomy day the sun comes out	positive	zac brown band
finding people who can actually see thistopc with me on friday is a struggle right now	positive	zac brown band
free by thistopc is like the numbrnd national anthem.	positive	zac brown band
friday morning special guest live in studio.  drake white just got the opening slot on the thistopc tour... httpaddr	positive	zac brown band
"""good morning. happy wednesday. thistopc fans, where you at? topc ;)"""	positive	zac brown band
happy friday! thistopc is in the neighborhood! see you soon! topc topc topc topc httpaddr	positive	zac brown band
"""happy thursday morning...it's the last day to register to win luke bryan tickets....and thistopc """"win 'em... httpaddr"	positive	zac brown band
hey anyone wanna see the thistopc with me on sunday at fenway?	positive	zac brown band
hey happy friday!!! today t&amp;p will be giving away a pair of tickets to the thistopc's august numbrth show at... httpaddr	positive	zac brown band
i bought myself a ticket for thistopc in philly august numbr. super excited!! i'm next to the pit right up front.	positive	zac brown band
"""i chose this one in honor of night numbr with twitteraddr - """"tomorrow never comes"""" by thistopc topc httpaddr"	positive	zac brown band
i have numbr thistopc tix for their concert tomorrow @ citizens bank $numbr for both tickets!! lmk if you're interested	positive	zac brown band
i have numbr tickets for thistopc this saturday. great seats just can't make it anymore. gonna sell for less than what i paid. numbr	positive	zac brown band
i have thistopc tickets for tomorrow night as well as rascal flatts for next thursday on the beach in ac... hit me up if interested!!!	positive	zac brown band
i have one possibly two extra tickets to see thistopc tomorrow at metlife stadium. dope seats. who wants to come with me?	positive	zac brown band
"""i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr thistopc with steven tyler, fenway park, numbr august numbr"""	positive	zac brown band
i need someone to go with me to see thistopc in november	positive	zac brown band
i thought it was pretty impressive i'd been to numbr thistopc concerts until the people next to my parents were at their numbrth	positive	zac brown band
i wanna go see the thistopc this friday.	positive	zac brown band
i want to go to thistopc next sunday....	positive	zac brown band
i'm going to the thistopc concert on saturday and the yankee game on sunday! should be great	positive	zac brown band
i'm just excited to work the thistopc concert this saturday	positive	zac brown band
id literally be the happiest person alive if i got thistopc tickets for the numbrrd at bethel	positive	zac brown band
if anyone is selling thistopc tickets for the friday show contact me please	positive	zac brown band
if anyone wants numbr thistopc tickets for comerica park this saturday we have numbr on the field for $numbr each.	positive	zac brown band
"""if tickets are still on sale next paycheck, somebody needs to come see thistopc at the nationals stadium on the numbrth topc"	positive	zac brown band
in honour of thistopc tomorrow i will listen to every one of their songs from now until the concert	positive	zac brown band
"""indiana friends: anybody have any interest in going to see thistopc on numbr september? close to indy, lawn tickets are cheap."""	positive	zac brown band
is anyone going to thistopc at spac on sunday?	positive	zac brown band
it's waxx new music tuesday!  this morning we're featuring the brand new song from thistopc called... httpaddr	positive	zac brown band
just got confirmation for my anniversary present to corey--thistopc on the numbrth!!	positive	zac brown band
"""just updated my ipod with numbr new songs (pentatonix, cascada, thistopc &amp; big bang). inspirational stuff. hope it'll help for tomorrow."""	positive	zac brown band
kathy is selling numbr tickets to the thistopc concert tomorrow. message me if you want 'em.	positive	zac brown band
looking for someone to go with to a thistopc concert on august numbrst at citi field. anyone interested?	positive	zac brown band
may or may not have danced with twitteraddr at thistopc tonight topc	positive	zac brown band
"""mckay &amp; donuts: big tuesday on the show!  another bnumbr new music tuesday with new stuff from thistopc,... httpaddr"	positive	zac brown band
monday morning gym tunes for the beautiul soul. thistopc - all alright (official video): httpaddr	positive	zac brown band
monday mornings are a little more bearable with thistopc	positive	zac brown band
mr. freedom has scored two tickets to the thistopc concert this saturday at hershey park stadium! just like... httpaddr	positive	zac brown band
music at citizens bank park continues with the thistopc tomorrow night.  tickets available here: httpaddr	positive	zac brown band
my day was just made! julie coming up in the clutch with thistopc tickets for friday! topc topc	positive	zac brown band
my parents are going to the thistopc concert tomorrow night and i'm so jealous.	positive	zac brown band
oh no not thistopc with my bestie twitteraddr topc topc topc	positive	zac brown band
"""photoset: last night was my last saturday night of summer, and i spent it at the thistopc concert at... httpaddr"	positive	zac brown band
selling a thistopc ticket for the numbrrd msg if interested	positive	zac brown band
so far for these past weeks all my music has consisted of thistopc songs. so excited for the concert friday!	positive	zac brown band
someone please go see thistopc with me tomorrow night	positive	zac brown band
someone go see thistopc with me september numbr!!	positive	zac brown band
"""song of the day: heavy is the head by thistopc / chris cornell  good morning and happy tuesday, and teller... httpaddr"	positive	zac brown band
soooooo who's coming to see thistopc with me in toronto sept. numbrth....	positive	zac brown band
still two tickets available for thistopc on saturday!! let me  if you're interested	positive	zac brown band
sun setting on the columbia river while the thistopc wails out homegrown!topc httpaddr	positive	zac brown band
taking johnny to thistopc on saturday and summerslam on sunday makes me brother of the century. right?	positive	zac brown band
the thistopc absolutely killed it on saturday night!! @ hersheypark stadium httpaddr	positive	zac brown band
the thistopc will play fenway park this friday - sunday. don't miss it! httpaddr	positive	zac brown band
"""thinking about thistopc and twitteraddr ? well """"keep me on mind"""" for a zbb ride numbrpm thursday at fenway!"""	positive	zac brown band
this time next sunday i'll be at the thistopc concert at fenway. can't wait for it	positive	zac brown band
tomorrow night i'll be at citi field with the thistopc.  anyone want to hook up a meet and greet for your... httpaddr	positive	zac brown band
"""we have four premium seats for the thistopc, for this friday night  numbr/numbr/numbr at fenway park. these are... httpaddr"	positive	zac brown band
"""we have two tickets to see the thistopc on friday, september numbrth!  anybody interested?  like, comment or... httpaddr"	positive	zac brown band
"""what i wouldn't give to see the thistopc, at wrigley, friday night, september numbrth, as they sing chicken fried. topc"	positive	zac brown band
what's better than beers with twitteraddr ? cold beers on a friday night at thistopc topc topc	positive	zac brown band
when everyone's so excited about lady a at the fair but you just saw the thistopc on friday httpaddr	positive	zac brown band
who's going to thistopc this sunday??	positive	zac brown band
who's reppin' topc at the thistopc show tonight? numbrst of numbr twitteraddr let me know where you're at so we can party!	positive	zac brown band
wish i could be at the thistopc concert tonight but my boss wouldn't give me the day off tomorrow! labor day means work day at walmart	positive	zac brown band
"""wow! for the numbrth consecutive year, thistopc absolutely killed it. great show!"""	positive	zac brown band
yeppers we are hooking you up all week with thistopc tickets! =)  httpaddr	positive	zac brown band
you can't have country music without chevy. sing along with thistopc this saturday at hersheypark stadium. httpaddr	positive	zac brown band
thistopc in november just wait on it	positive	zac brown band
"""thistopc is about to put on an amazing show, and i'm hyped to see it on the numbrth."""	positive	zac brown band
thistopc is coming to the amphitheatre for their jekyll + hyde tour on november numbrth. there are still some... httpaddr	positive	zac brown band
thistopc is going to be the best country concert i've been too. hyped for sunday.	positive	zac brown band
"""thistopc last night, billboard music festival today and tomorrow and running a numbrk tomorrow morning i'm going to be dead on monday"""	positive	zac brown band
thistopc now occupy the numbrrd and numbrth positions on the billboard country album chart - sam hunt still number one. httpaddr	positive	zac brown band
thistopc tomorrow night with boy. so effing excited. eeeeee!	positive	zac brown band
"""thistopc will perform twitteraddr tonight and tomorrow night his song """"heavy is the head"""" ft chris cornell httpaddr"	positive	zac brown band
"""thistopc, mexico &amp; you: want to hit the beach for four sun-drenched days in mexico featuring the zac bro... httpaddr"	positive	zac brown band
"""thistopc, september numbrth, we're going twitteraddr"	positive	zac brown band
anyone tryna go see thistopc with me oct numbr	positive	zac brown band
knowing that we are going to see thistopc tomorrow is the only thing keeping me going today. topc	positive	zac brown band
who would wanna go see thistopc with me at wrigley on september numbrth....?	positive	zac brown band
twitteraddr twitteraddr i never said thistopc sounds like shit.. i said i thought he was numbrnd best &amp; that they sound bad in that video!	negative	zayn
"""he is getting on with his shit, which fifth album ? @ who still say thistopc is coming back httpaddr"	negative	zayn
"""i can feel louis saying a huge 'fuck you' to the thistopc  it may be just me, but i'm a lit student take my word for it"""	negative	zayn
no need to mention thistopc here and create another drama. but fuck. what if it's the dmd mv fucckk httpaddr	negative	zayn
that nigga thistopc may have twitter balls but he's still a soft nigga in my book	negative	zayn
well with thistopc joining isis it is hard to maintain their family friendly image. httpaddr	negative	zayn
"""well, now that i think of it i'm gonna sleep and watch it on youtube tomorrow or something, thistopc's not worth my extreme  fatigue anymore"""	negative	zayn
what was the need to @ thistopc? how thirsty are you bitch? httpaddr	negative	zayn
wtf! i'm happy to see the video and all but why do you have to mention thistopc in every thing numbrd does. dafuq? httpaddr	negative	zayn
thistopc is a fucking psychic he's like the man  httpaddr	negative	zayn
""" thistopc is a detective who may or may not have a thing for liam, aw aw aw detective thistopc with a thing for doctor liam would be so cute"""	positive	zayn
numbrd stans gonna blame thistopc for this .. just wait topc  httpaddr	positive	zayn
numbrst of august and still wondering where thistopc is i hope he's okay	positive	zayn
twitteraddr i'm a fan of music but when it comes numbr twitteraddr he's my babe .that's so sweet from u dmd it's their numbrst song without thistopc :'(	positive	zayn
twitteraddr this may yassine character claims she's heard a song from thistopc's new album. she says it's good. i don't believe her tho	positive	zayn
"""twitteraddr i wanna a thistopc one to my friend cuz her birthday is tomorrow, and she loves thistopc as hell , and for me +"""	positive	zayn
"""twitteraddr rt: """"twitteraddr twitteraddr happy numbrnd birthday thistopc! i love you and i hope you have a..."""" httpaddr"	positive	zayn
twitteraddr that it is a huge deal and omg thistopc went there and was sat next to this valentino guy like whoa	positive	zayn
twitteraddr i cant stop watched the video that have those numbrnd pict.harry dancing in front of thistopc and he looks so happy.ha!	positive	zayn
twitteraddr because my old account got suspended and than may numbrth came around and thistopc followed me. now i have numbr.numbrk so thank you	positive	zayn
"""twitteraddr at first i was worried about their numbrth album without thistopc but if they are all like that, wow."""	positive	zayn
"""twitteraddr thistopc is a star! he never tried to steal the spotlight, but he is like a sun, he can't be overshadowed. the public is with him!"""	positive	zayn
twitteraddr he has been happy ever since he sat next to thistopc at the louis vuitton fashion show (':	positive	zayn
"""twitteraddr hi, thistopc!  tomorrow is twitteraddr numbrth &amp; she absolutely loves you. if you could please tweet her, it would make her day!"""	positive	zayn
"""twitteraddr i go to sleep tomorrow i wanna see 'thistopc malik follow you back', pls all the love is always xx httpaddr"	positive	zayn
twitteraddr may be chris knows that thistopc is gonna be the bigger star than him..:)	positive	zayn
twitteraddr you started with tweeting 'who cares' and this is so stupid bc i bet when thistopc will show us his numbrst song/video you will care +	positive	zayn
a day without thistopc is like a year without sun httpaddr	positive	zayn
"""at the chicago concert on june numbr, liam and thistopc ripped off harry's shirt in the middle of his wmyb solo. it was a beautiful moment."""	positive	zayn
"""but this is wednesday something should happen with thistopc!  twitteraddr make something happen, were dying here"""	positive	zayn
convinced my sister that thistopc will appear in the background of the topc  if she watches it numbr+ times this is her numbrth view	positive	zayn
"""everybody gets happy around thistopc. people get happy, puppies get happy, the sun gets brighter, the nature gets more beautiful"""	positive	zayn
excited for the numbrth album and thistopc's album topc one direction	positive	zayn
excuse me but when did the march ended? i still rememberyself laughing when thistopc left i want the old days back	positive	zayn
first we got doniya and now trisha. i'm waiting for thistopc with waliyha and yasser so i can fly my ass to thee sun.	positive	zayn
happy birthday lima bean i love you baby thistopc loves you happy numbrnd httpaddr	positive	zayn
harry is so cute and i love them all and i love dmd but i can't help crying watching topc the numbrst time bc thistopc's not there.	positive	zayn
holy fuck if i meet thistopc on sunday i'm just not gonna do anything for the rest of my life.	positive	zayn
"""however, i may or may not have shed a tear since it was the first video without thistopc topc twitteraddr"	positive	zayn
i am still yet to see thistopc's full fledged smile with his tongue between his teeth after march :( topc	positive	zayn
i can't wait for thistopc tomorrow when he just attend the vmas it's going to be fire.	positive	zayn
i got a solo dm with thistopc in july- i missed him in la in august- he follows me numbr days later- he unrted my art- my account is gone. wonderful	positive	zayn
i guess thistopc is going to be at the vma's tomorrow and i gotta go to bed so i can prepare myself. thistopc will be on my tv aghh!!	positive	zayn
"""i had a dream i talked to thistopc and harry, we were at the concert &amp; thistopc was there to see the boys, then harry sat on my lap and danced what"""	positive	zayn
i had my eyes closed already to go to sleep. but i always check a notif to see if it's thistopc and well httpaddr	positive	zayn
"""i just sat here, watching videos of thistopc. i never realized that i miss him this much."""	positive	zayn
i love how the video came out august numbrst. thistopc is always making his presence known.	positive	zayn
"""i may have been mad for a day,but i'm so proud of thistopc now"""	positive	zayn
i swear if thistopc performs tomorrow  at the vmas i am not prepared mentally or physically	positive	zayn
i sweeeaaaaarrrrr if thistopc is on the red carpet tomorrow at the vma's i'm gonna jump out my fucking window	positive	zayn
i'm so serious. january is numbr months away so i thought everyone was talking about thistopc's birthday. httpaddr	positive	zayn
i'm going to bed knowing that there is a possibility that i may wake up to videos and pictures of thistopc performing at the vma's	positive	zayn
"""i'm not numbr% sure but if everything goes like it always does, something is gonna happen with thistopc tomorrow, preferably thistopc drops a single."""	positive	zayn
"""i'm only excited for the vmas because thistopc may go, if he doesn't i'll cry"""	positive	zayn
i'm really just wondering if this would've happened if thistopc was still in the group httpaddr	positive	zayn
im just so happy that thistopc is fully living his thotty dteams on this tuesday morning. also my hamgover is mild. topc	positive	zayn
it's sunday but thistopc's performance makes me want to pop off	positive	zayn
it's hard to see thistopc up there bc he look like the sun topc	positive	zayn
liam was the numbrnd best singer of numbrd when thistopc was in numbrd.... now he is topc and harry is on numbrnd spot.  httpaddr	positive	zayn
"""mar numbr to aug numbr zquad faced many problems,got hate,zroughts. still this fam always stood up for thistopc. proud. pass it on"""	positive	zayn
me when the boys' numbrth album and thistopc's album comes out  topc	positive	zayn
niall posted a pic of his hairy leg in the sun and im like wtf the fuck why so i scrolled and there was thistopc's beautiful face thank u	positive	zayn
night everyone...will post pics of thistopc tomorrow again...i love all of you. httpaddr	positive	zayn
oh my god the video is out tomorrow the first video after thistopc left one direction is out tomorrow dig a hole and throw me in there	positive	zayn
oooh i have a date with thistopc tomorrow	positive	zayn
rumors: thistopc may will give awards on the vma's and numbr of them could be for the the boys!  i hope it's real!	positive	zayn
"""stephen hawking said """"this girl may like to know that in another possible universe, she and thistopc are happily married."""""""	positive	zayn
still waiting for the day i wake up to thistopc still being in the band and realising everything after march numbrth was just a dream	positive	zayn
the boys have this christmas concert in san jose in dec. that i might go to...i feel like thistopc will be back in the band by then	positive	zayn
they are absolutely blind to thistopc's good nature. use lame excuses to hate on him bc they just bitter still.  httpaddr	positive	zayn
this is a lovely post about thistopc for those who still have issues with him. may make you consider things differently. httpaddr	positive	zayn
"""time for bed! hope it rains tomorrow.... and wake up to a harry, niall, liam, louis and thistopc follow topc one direction"""	positive	zayn
"""to me, thistopc vs neville last december was the definitive wrestling match, after tonight it's bailey vs sasha. high spots, false finishes.."""	positive	zayn
tomorrow at school i'm just going to think of thistopc's selfies so my day will be less terrible	positive	zayn
vote for thistopc under the most inspirational uk asian category by tweeting:   topc twitteraddr twitteraddr  voting ends on september numbrth!	positive	zayn
"""we may be an ordinary girls ,but our love to our thistopc is bigger thank you think,he saved most of us and we're thankful to him to have him."""	positive	zayn
we should have listened to thistopc about the numbrst of august	positive	zayn
"""when dmd mv will be released tomorrow, but then you realize it's the numbrst mv without thistopc. topc httpaddr"	positive	zayn
why does everyone ignore thistopc's interview with the sun? he said all he did was for the fans topc	positive	zayn
with school starting tomorrow i'm gonna be missing out on so much with thistopc this makes me so sad	positive	zayn
"""yeah ,, i was a bit sad bc it was my numbrst numbrd concert and thistopc wasnt there but i still enjoyed it  httpaddr"	positive	zayn
"""you would think being the first music video without thistopc, it may not do so well, but in reality it's freaking awesome topc"	positive	zayn
"""thistopc dedicated his numbrst solo award to the boys &amp; the boys' to thistopc :"""")  topc topc one direction httpaddr"	positive	zayn
thistopc deserves so much to be happy. i'd trade the moon for the sun if that could make him happy	positive	zayn
thistopc is my numbrth most played artist. i just wanted to clarify this bnumbr i'm accused of bandwagoning when he blows up	positive	zayn
thistopc is the only reason that i might watch the vmas tomorrow	positive	zayn
thistopc may be an asshole but he's cute and nice deep inside	positive	zayn
thistopc may have left the band but i will still support him no matter what cs hes still the numbrd thistopc i love and i always will	positive	zayn
thistopc reminds me of rih. this may be blasphemous to say but i feel like he's about to be a male version of her which is good	positive	zayn
"""thistopc still looks ethereal, the world is still revolving, the sun still shines bright. nobody cares :) httpaddr"	positive	zayn
thistopc was like c'mon then c'mon putting his head close to me like when you're going to have a fight then he just leaned forward &amp; kissed me	positive	zayn
thistopc's departure marked the beginning of the end... topc topc topc httpaddr	positive	zayn
thistopc's roller coaster is the most emotional of all emotional roller coasters httpaddr	positive	zayn
thistopc's smile is brighter than the shinning sun his eyes are brighter than the shinning stars and his personality as calm as the moonlight	positive	zayn
"""thistopc, i just wanna see you winning grammy on this very first debute album. c'mon, just introduce a new genre of music called zop or zquadom."""	positive	zayn
thistopc: ha ha i love philly ! going to make appearance tomorrow .. i love pears :) x	positive	zayn
anyone has a solo dm with thistopc bc i dont have one yet since march :( ugh pleaseee :--( just one solo dm... ill give u numbr liam solo dm :)	positive	zayn
"""cheesy as it may sound, i will never be able to thank one direction (with thistopc) enough for everything they've done &amp; how they saved my life."""	positive	zayn
do you ever just cry on a daily basis bc of how fat and ugly u are and the fact that u may never meet niall harry louis liam and thistopc hurts	positive	zayn
"""harry today im alone at home, and tomorrow night is thistopc's birthday.i want to make sure that he will notice me."""	positive	zayn
hopefully thistopc will tweet something tomorrow so i will be hydrated the crops will be watered children fed skin clear fingers crossed	positive	zayn
i just don't wanna miss anything it sucks waking up and realising that thistopc came back to numbrd and the numbrth album is out.	positive	zayn
i'm just gonna have to find a video/audio of thistopc's performance tomorrow	positive	zayn
i'm not believing anything until i see thistopc's fine ass on the red carpet tomorrow night	positive	zayn
im not gonna cry tomorrow i will try not to cry tomorrow bc thistopc's happy now and if he's happy then im happy	positive	zayn
im too young to die i haven't even met thistopc but then again the internet b lying sigh httpaddr	positive	zayn
in my dream last night thistopc came and sat down next to me at one direction's concert and i like gave him dirty looks the whole time	positive	zayn
"""listening to the weeknd on the radio and telling mom i want to see in december and she says """"this is the thistopc guy right?"""""""	positive	zayn
"""me: c'mon izz, thistopc isn't performing with the weeknd. good things like that never happen."""	positive	zayn
my topc seats were in the section where thistopc sat for most of wwa . if i had been there last yr i wouldnt be alive to tweet this	positive	zayn
on january numbrst i said this was going to be thistopc's year but i had no idea	positive	zayn
on the numbrth of march can we celebrate thistopc's time in the band and create cute hashtags and post funny things and really cute things pls	positive	zayn
tomorrow i've to wake up  early so thistopc's erformance on vma better be true otherwise u'll regret for playing with my emotions and sleep	positive	zayn
with thistopc gone i can now definitively say that louis is my favorite member of numbrd. harry a distant numbrnd.	positive	zayn
yo don't ever say that! god forbid! may it not happen! thistopc is cool...don't even try to compare them...i love thistopcnn httpaddr	positive	zayn
"""you may call me a bad fan but i sobbed so hard tonight because thistopc wasn't there. everytime they sang his part, my heart broke"""	positive	zayn
"""thistopc's voice: c'mon guys you can do it, nobody can drag you down.   topc httpaddr"	positive	zayn
