Processed	sent
dear twitteraddr the newooffice for mac is great and all, but no lync update? c'mon.	negative
twitteraddr how about you make a system that doesn't eat my friggin discs. this is the numbrnd time this has happened and i am so sick of it!	negative
i may be ignorant on this issue but... should we celebrate twitteraddr parental leave changes? doesn't the gender divide suggest... (numbr/numbr)	negative
thanks to twitteraddr i just may be switching over to twitteraddr	negative
if i make a game as a topc universal app. will topc owners be able to download and play it in november? twitteraddr twitteraddr	neutral
microsoft, i may not prefer your gaming branch of business. but, you do make a damn fine operating system. topc twitteraddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr i will be downgrading and let topc be out for almost the numbrst yr bnumbr trying it again. topc	negative
twitteraddr numbrnd computer with same error!!! topc guess we will shelve this until spnumbr! httpaddr	negative
just ordered my numbrst ever tablet; twitteraddr surface pro numbr, inumbr/numbrgb numbrgb ssd. hopefully it works out for dev to replace my laptop =)	positive
"after attempting a reinstall, it still bricks, says, ""windows cannot finish installing,"" or somesuch. twitteraddr may have cost me $numbr."	negative
sunday morning, quiet day so time to welcome in topc twitteraddr twitteraddr httpaddr	positive
did twitteraddr break windows numbr? was working fine on wednesday but now i can't get passed the login screen without it freezing up.	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr spent over numbr mins &amp; gave up coz it changes just before you print every time. c'mon team. earn your dosh pls.	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr the reason i ask is because it may be the manufacturer's fault, and they could help you.	neutral
innovation for jobs is just around the corner - to be exact next wednesday numbr/numbr at twitteraddr httpaddr httpaddr	positive
ok this is my pure speculation.  twitteraddr owns the cloud compute tech.  twitteraddr is utilizing the tech.  numbrrd party devs is open to use.	neutral
we are still taking registrations for our education technology update with twitteraddr and twitteraddr on august numbr! visit: httpaddr	neutral
"for the numbrst time twitteraddr has a ""high startup impact""   does anyone at twitteraddr have a clue? topc httpaddr"	negative
topc twitteraddr numbrst company failed miserably. when gates &amp; twitteraddr tried to sell the product it wouldn't work topc twitteraddr	negative
topc for twitteraddr to become the numbrth global non profit partner of twitteraddr for us to topc together. twitteraddr	positive
top numbr most searched for back-to-school topics -- the list may surprise you httpaddr  twitteraddr twitteraddr topc twitteraddr	positive
twitteraddr support for numbr has been terrible. on the phone for an hour then got dropped. so far not worth the headache. may ask for refund.	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr cant wait to see you up here. i will be at the race on sun	positive
again-just like topc numbr- twitteraddr makes numbr w/o the start menu their best customers want - numbrrd party app needed httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr isntall the newest version and you may chance your mind!	positive
twitteraddr we have an iot workshop by twitteraddr at numbrpm on the friday - definitely worth going for inspiration! topc	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr the option should be in windows update. you've got a month. clean install may be better...	neutral
hey twitteraddr i reserved my copy of twitteraddr numbr back in june, but i haven't been invited to download. any updates on the timeline?	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr i'm still using vista on one &amp; win-numbr on another, vista is a dinosaur, unfortunately i may use a free numbr with limits	negative
twitteraddr is it normal that it takes hours to check the email name for creating an microsoft account? numbrnd try!	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr that's confidential and privileged information sir. no matter how great the sex may or may not be.	neutral
twitteraddr topc topc namaste numbr topc and twitteraddr ceos, but topc mttr!may b the era of bad translations wd b over?	neutral
twitteraddr you may want to fix this... httpaddr	negative
"after numbr minutes of being on hold with twitteraddr in india numbr-numbr-numbr-numbr ""adrian"" wants to transfer my call again (numbrrd time) topc"	negative
twitteraddr on hold with support for numbr minutes now. c'mon.	negative
beyond frustrated with my topc right now, and that as of june, twitteraddr doesn't support it. gotta find someone else to fix the drive.	negative
twitteraddr heard you are a software company. why then is most of your software so bad that it has to be replaced by numbrrd party apps?	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr we already knew the media march in ideological lockstep but it is nice of him to show it.	positive
pax prime thursday is overloaded for me with twitteraddr and nintendo indie events going down. also, cider!!! :p	positive
i traveled to redmond today. i'm visiting with twitteraddr twitteraddr engineers tomorrow - at their invitation. feeling excited.	positive
have you heard the news? our next meetup is on september numbrth with ryan berry of twitteraddr rsvp now for free -&gt; httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr daily windows updates suck! w/ all the $$$ and drones u have working numbr u, maybe u guys could get it right the numbrst time?	negative
"call from ""john"" twitteraddr ""hello, i'd like to look at your computer, over the phone"" me:"" ok, may i ask why your calling about my..(numbr/numbr)"	negative
we're excited to learn about topc topc from twitteraddr tomorrow! join us httpaddr topc topc httpaddr	positive
pet adoptions are $numbr this friday twitteraddr thanks to twitteraddr twitteraddr topc with a new best friend! httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr the phone will be too tall and bulky and annoying to tolerate use. twitteraddr may lose it like twitteraddr has	negative
i thought twitteraddr was retiring the lumia line to give way to surface mobile? i guess not. httpaddr	negative
"twitteraddr using office numbr's bing dictionary. type in ""bound."" this is the numbrrd picture they show me. wtf?... httpaddr"	negative
here today, gone tomorrow- but still here! a short note on nokia's patent deals with twitteraddr and twitteraddr  httpaddr	neutral
"twitteraddr ""for a limited time""   what about an eternally lasting no &amp; plz shove cortana where the sun doesn't shine httpaddr"	negative
good friday morning. this city is changing. are you with it? topc twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive
httpaddr   register numbr the nacr skype for business event with twitteraddr for sept numbrth chevy chase, md topc topc	positive
did you know our lunch&amp;learns are now open to the public? join us on august numbr with twitteraddr from twitteraddr httpaddr	positive
"i've just been told for the numbrth time that my case number ""will be escalated"" to a level ii tech by twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr"	negative
now i'm trying to get to twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr support online for about the numbrth time.m	negative
spending the day on the phone with twitteraddr this is not how i wanted to spend my sunday	negative
twitteraddr may just reinvent personal computing  httpaddr  via twitteraddr  topc topc httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr - congratulations on the numbrth birth anniversary of twitteraddr numbr.  numbr years since we've come to love you (&amp; backward compatibility)	positive
looks like twitteraddr may still be in the handset/smartphone business!  topc topc httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr fyi suzanne was my numbrst choice numbr b my biographer but god made it	positive
enjoying feasibility workshop replacing topc with twitteraddr topc numbrth customer in less than a year!	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr for the numbrnd time i have been charged for something i wasnt made aware of. person on the phone didn't care.	negative
i hate you twitteraddr u crash more then any other application tho twitteraddr office ur close numbrnd u both can share topc numbr my dislike numbrday	negative
appalling experience with twitteraddr helpline. numbrhrs on phone &amp; counting. now on hold to speak numbrth rep so far twitteraddr not impressed!!	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr the lumia cityman looks terrible and its blue not cyan?! buttons may be too small. topc numbr/numbr has a superior look.	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr plz add lnumbr in the numbrst wave of windowsnumbr phones release.plz dont hurt ur diehardfans	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr - nothing new under the sun! history always repeats! twitteraddr - brilliant article, thanks.	positive
have u suggested to twitteraddr that going shopping&amp;doing the gardening may b a workaround?u cd b on to something! :) httpaddr	neutral
numbrrd rep just hung up on me. absolutely devastated at how twitteraddr customer service treated me, wow.	negative
twitteraddr may you please release versions of windows when its stable windows numbr is no where near stable!	negative
startup your monday in the right way. apply numbr our pitch battle by twitteraddr at topc httpaddr httpaddr	positive
predictive analytics with twitteraddr topc topc numbrnd ed. now available. httpaddr twitteraddr	neutral
twitteraddr you guys may piss me off with the xbone but the windows numbr lock screen facts make brighten my day a lot.	neutral
i can't wait to speak at twitteraddr topc event tomorrow, then fly to topc for the weekend, &amp; then topc httpaddr	positive
happy hour at twitteraddr topc with twitteraddr and friends. good luck for tomorrow's keynote httpaddr	positive
topc numbr.numbr is the numbrnd release to incorporate contributions from my team at twitteraddr congrats to all involved! :) httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr i may have missed that memo. (also about time)	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr will be presenting on the numbrth i will come we talk about some stuff	positive
no diff from twitteraddr with bitlocker =at some point, platforms should provide data at rest encryption built in httpaddr	negative
every time i use a paperclip i think of clippy from twitteraddr word. he may have (finally) left my screen, but he will never leave my brain!	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr please have a look at this link and see if the errors mentioned may correspond to your errors. httpaddr	neutral
why does twitteraddr make it so hard to reset my twitteraddr password? ridiculous. still not sure why password stopped working in the numbrst place!	negative
all ngo/npos should know about twitteraddr free/very low-cost software from twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr &amp; lots more! httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr why is the game evolve only available until monday on the xbox one? why don't you just give it to us for free?	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr good luck to all pitch battlers. may the best pitch win!	positive
and twitteraddr mail, calendar, music, and video apps have been rewritten for the third time in four years... httpaddr	negative
look twitteraddr i found the numbrst topc phone in my stuff from topc and twitteraddr still working :) httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr ur company will give me my numbr pounds plus the cost of the laptop on monday for what u did to my laptop!	negative
thank you to twitteraddr for inviting us to join them at the topc in amsterdam next thursday - httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr seems like twitteraddr may have bit off more than they could chew, with the state of wnumbr mobile and core apps on mobile &amp; pc.	negative
hey twitteraddr fuck you. i don't have internet until thursday and my xbox one won't even let me sign onto my account offline.	negative
"""twitteraddr &amp; twitteraddr fell in love with the same e"". does this make twitteraddr the numbrrd wheel? httpaddr"	positive
@ twitteraddr  numbrrd time my lumia handset submitted in service centre in last numbr months, no one is looking into it. need replacement of my numbr	negative
should you upgrade to twitteraddr new os, topc  lunch-and-learn, in topc this wednesday, sept numbrth: httpaddr	positive
topc catch me in dallas sept numbrth at the twitteraddr event.  also at twitteraddr in topc for the on the spot beat shopping!	positive
twitteraddr  turns to twitteraddr  and twitteraddr  to help get surface into the office httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr i might but i'm gonna wait a bit to see if they patch it. you coming sat?	positive
twitteraddr topc twitteraddr numbrnd, you guys haven't released a lumia that has a qhd screen, or takes video in numbrk resolution yet.	negative
.twitteraddr patch tuesday incorporated numbr fixes for topc topc - some with active topc httpaddr insane!	positive
that may just be the most shocking moment of todays topc twitteraddr doing a demo on the new topc	positive
numbr years ago this weekend, i saw ac/dc at united center on a friday and blink-numbr in tinley the next day. it was the best weekend ever.	positive
no power at home, sat in the dark listening to ac/dc in the hope that it'll make the electricity come back	neutral
take the highway to dundas and check out ftatr (ac/dc cover band) on sat at numbrpm on the main stage! topc httpaddr	positive
can't beat it. friday night, no kids, a few beers, listening to taylor swift....no, wait! i meant ac/dc. motorhead!	positive
requests for oasis, steve miller band, ac/dc, big country &amp; the banter thiefs all make the cut for tomorrow's topc playlist.	positive
twitteraddr yes i'll be there. also have ac/dc on the numbrth and buckcherry at starland on the numbrth before the carney!	positive
twitteraddr best day on the green for me was aerosmith, foreigner, pat travers, van halen, ac/dc, (july numbr, numbr).	positive
why would anyone want to form a metallica cover band? what is the upside-one day if they are lucky they may open for an ac/dc cover band?	negative
twitteraddr also i am off to new york in numbr days to see ac/dc (my ultimate faves) for the numbrth time-followed by van halen the night after!	positive
going from ac/dc to abba and back again is quite the mind fuck on a saturday morning!  thank goodness i can handle it!!  twitteraddr	positive
listening to early, live, ac/dc, covering chuck berry, while driving a black capri, with the windows down, in the sun. it's a good day.	positive
hello lovelies again! super sunday. thai food, ac/dc raunchy dancing during warm up, you lot and the boys. more season numbr, i'm a lucky woman	positive
ac/dc with vintage trouble at gillette stadium on sat, numbr/numbr! limited tix are available at httpaddr httpaddr	positive
when you realize classes start the numbrth so the ac/dc concert will be the best concert since eminem and jay-z topc	positive
just turned numbr. hitched from newcastle to get there. went for ac/dc, left obsessed with van halen. carefree days. httpaddr	positive
numbr gino is pretty damn impressed with numbr gino for going to see ac/dc in foxborough on saturday.	positive
i have numbr extra tickets (on the field!) for the ac/dc concert on saturday night at gillette stadium.  i'm looking... httpaddr	positive
back in black by ac/dc was no.numbr in the uk album charts on numbr august numbr	positive
ac/dc will win topc with thunderstruck! has not won before but come numbrnd at least once! twitteraddr	positive
red sox game i have tickets to tonight may get rained out, same with ac/dc concert tomorrow night. somebody give me some good news...	negative
fuck it. closed the job down early to grab a flight to boston for ac/dc concert tomorrow. ride the highs of free money yo. topc	positive
[reddit] - if you're going to ac/dc tomorrow at gillette, don't forget your free brady shirt! httpaddr	positive
promised to take my niece to ac/dc tomorrow.  soooo not in the mood now.	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr  right now, don't have any for the weekend. by tuesday heading to ac/dc concert and then nyc!	positive
twitteraddr you going to ac/dc tomorrow night? topc	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr eric, how is the weather for the ac/dc concert tomorrow night at gillette looking?	positive
surprising my mom with ac/dc tickets for wednesday. just going to show up	positive
sitting numbrth row for ac/dc tonight!! let's go!	positive
still can't believe i'm going to see ac/dc tomorrow	positive
having dinner with twitteraddr to plan numbrth annual  ny arab american comedy festival and ac/dc walked in. but couldn't get a photo	positive
"twitteraddr planning on ac/dc live in moncton? coming up sooner than later, in montreal on the numbrst. at the big ""o""."	positive
twitteraddr i like scorpions, guns, ac/dc, i downloaded u playing yesterday cause c'mon it's beatles	positive
angus young's cap flew off six songs into ac/dc's set on saturday at gillette stadium, but the guitarist didn't... httpaddr	positive
i just realized i'm seeing ac/dc tomorrow. holy shit, i've waited nearly a year for this!	positive
this time tomorrow ac/dc will be melting my fucking face off along with numbr,numbr other faces. topc topc	positive
someone see ac/dc with me tomorrow, i'll buy your ticket	positive
what's going on wednesday? (ac/dc, earth, joseph arthur, darwin deez, jason lescalleet, alessia cara, more) httpaddr	neutral
i can't even begin to tell you how excited i am to go see ac/dc tomorrow httpaddr	positive
the day sure snaps awake when your numbrst tune is back in black by ac/dc !! good wednesday topc !! topc topc	positive
totally just got reminded i'm going to see ac/dc on the numbrth!!! wooo!!!	positive
tweets about ac/dc establish ashley madison hack suspect - the hacker behind the recent ashley madison leak may ha... httpaddr	neutral
is there anyone going for ac/dc concert on nov?	neutral
just turned on my twitteraddr and got the ronettes followed by ac/dc. i just might survive thursday if this keeps up.	positive
for sale: one general admission ticket to ac/dc at downsview park on september numbrth. you will have the pleasure of... httpaddr	positive
we're excited to announce that ac/dc tribute band big jack will take the main stage at fall jam on sunday september numbrth!	positive
what do you listen to when you hit the gym? for me it's usually old loud rock: kiss, ac/dc, led zeppelin.  httpaddr	neutral
ac/dc concert coming in september numbr at ford field already got me numbr tickets hell yeah! just need to find me someone to go with ! center stage	positive
marichalar is probably gonna wake me up at numbr:numbr am blasting ac/dc tomorrow because it's game day and oh he plays to tu que sabes	neutral
alex theriault: ac/dc!! john and holly are rockin'! all the way to magnetic hill to see ac/dc on september numbrth!... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr bucket list tour to see ac/dc in ottawa thurs.  a friends first trip to ont he's numbr! (his bucket list) i will webcast ya!	positive
did a love of ac/dc just out the identity of ashley madison's hacker?: a love of ac/dc may have inadvertently ... httpaddr	neutral
ac/dc tweets raise suspicions about ashley madison hacker's identity: a love of ac/dc may have inadvertently o... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr remind her she was dancing to ac/dc last sat night...	neutral
it's friday night, at home sipping on some crown royal whisky, listening to ac/dc, talking and tweeting with friends.   life is good!	positive
fly on the wall [remaster] by ac/dc (cd, jul-numbr, epic (usa)) httpaddr topc httpaddr	neutral
i know more about ac/dc concerts than angus young probably remembers and i'm only getting to witness it live on monday. i just	positive
twitteraddr i'll be in la sept numbr for ac/dc concert and staying at the pink palace. will be n la so will check the place out!	positive
the only things i took from the numbrd concert tonight were that ac/dc is going to be in detroit on september numbrth, &amp; i am still a piece of trash	neutral
if ac/dc has a really successful show on thursday, they will get a second show, that bumps one of the one direction shows.	positive
monday tiring you down? pump it up with some ac/dc cover from the ladies night &amp; karaoke hosted by kj &amp; dj martin... httpaddr	positive
entertainment: ac/dc rocks the big o monday night * numbr httpaddr httpaddr	positive
just remembered i'm going to see ac/dc this thursday lol	positive
ac/dc tonight...one direction on saturday, lets get itttttt topc	positive
twitteraddr this is the field at td place as ac/dc gets ready to play on thursday! twitteraddr httpaddr	positive
less than numbr hours to make your bid for the live auction of numbr tickets to the ac/dc concert this thursday. tickets... httpaddr	positive
is anyone going to ac/dc at ford field next tuesday?	positive
tickets to see ac/dc twitteraddr on the numbrth coming up on topc httpaddr	positive
young or old, rock fan or not, you do not wanna miss ac/dc tomorrow topc httpaddr	positive
i've been left in the car park. may or may not be rocking out to ac/dc	neutral
this friday! start your labor day weekend with some led zeppelin, aerosmith, van halen and ac/dc! lava rock is... httpaddr	positive
strive recreational therapy has a few extra tickets for the ac/dc concert at ford field, tues september numbrth.... httpaddr	positive
in honour of the big show we'll play nothing but ac/dc tonight on our shop sound system. then again, because of the big show we may not. ;)	positive
there's a couple here, the numbrrd row from the stage, wearing a tux and long white dress... for ac/dc... lol ok.	positive
burritos with my homegirl darcy for lunch, hangs with twitteraddr and mc nauss tonight, ac/dc tomorrow and a long weekend. topc	positive
is anyone else going to/interested in going to see ac/dc on tuesday?	positive
it's cool outside and i've got ac/dc playing inside. this is how you adult on a saturday night.	positive
i really wish i was going to see ac/dc this tuesday...	positive
twitteraddr can you get me back stage for ac/dc on sept numbrth???	positive
ac/dc is rocking out perth's domain stadium in november... and we want you to be there!  listen out for the cue... httpaddr	positive
anxiously looking forward to ac/dc on tuesday night with bob wilson, kyle wilson and kelsey suisse!  who else is going???	positive
twitteraddr the numbrrd didn't have a sound track by ac/dc	neutral
kinda sucks that the ac/dc concert is tomorrow cause i can't wait to see them play, but i don't want to go to school	negative
fun week ahead...holiday today...ac/dc concert tomorrow and off to san diego on thursday for the lions opener on sunday...topc	positive
ac/dc tomorrow at ford field. someone is going to be tired on the second day of numbrth grade. topc \m/ \m/	positive
twitteraddr wish you were at midway, i would have bought you a beer safe travels eddie.on way to detroit for ac/dc tomorrow night! \m/	positive
only reason im excited for tomorrow is the ac/dc concert	positive
"my grandma ""despises"" me going to see an ac/dc concert tomorrow"	negative
let's see... vatech/osu tonight ac/dc tomorrow night nfl kicks off thursday numbr:numbr a.m. alarms every morning topc	positive
i'm going to the ac/dc concert tomorrow!	positive
ac/dc tomorrow with twitteraddr idek if ill be going to school the next day tbh	positive
someone come see ac/dc with me thursday	positive
ac/dc with family tomorrow night in detroit rock city! lets go	positive
twitteraddr yep ac/dc tonight at ford field then on a plane thursday to san diego...	positive
i can't tell you how much i am looking forward to ac/dc concert with my son in december. um...ok, i can. lots.	positive
im going to see ac/dc with my dad thurs night and i only know thunderstruck bc when i played boys hockey we were thunder aka it was our song	positive
let's get thru this epic tuesday with t.n.t. (ac/dc) by carles badal topc on topc httpaddr topc topc	positive
guy i'm working with probably disappointed that i don't care he's going to see ac/dc tomorrow	negative
twitteraddr what is your food and drink policy for the ac/dc concert tomorrow night?	neutral
ac/dc is in toronto tomorrow and i can't believe i'm gonna miss it	negative
i wanna go see ac/dc so bad on the numbrth.	positive
a little worried about amazon. the collection was meant to go up on saturday but is still not available.	negative
twitteraddr thanks for sharing this course gary. :) you may want to check out this blogpost on amazon ml as well: httpaddr	positive
"amazon. this amazing company sells anything available under the sun, including ""cloud"". absolute disruption."	positive
amazon to release a $numbr tablet   amazon plans to release a $numbr tablet with a numbr-inch  september numbr, numbr httpaddr cool tech!!!	positive
e-books in us: prices rise due to deal big numbr publishers with amazon, sales down numbr.numbr% (jan-jun numbr) httpaddr /v twitteraddr	negative
i've just listed this book for sale on amazon. this is the numbrrd edition, revised, of a thorough, numbr-page... httpaddr	positive
may all the items saved for later in your amazon basket increase in price topc	negative
watch out for this for amazon  may be nnouncing a $numbr tablet the holidaystopc httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr the item may be sold by a number of sellers or amazon directly which could change delivery estimations. do you have a link? ^kw	neutral
also, the forsaken comedy is free until friday!  pick up from hell with love and the sequels from amazon httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr saw your post; just sent you some donations via amazon that should be arriving thursday. keep up your good work!!	positive
out october numbr on amazon us &amp; uk. (thanks for the heads up twitteraddr topc httpaddr	positive
nice. the man in the high castle will be on amazon instant on november numbrth.	positive
mending the piggy bank | numbr free children's kindle ebooks on amazon (september numbr roundup) httpaddr	positive
deal: nexus numbr drops to $numbr at best buy too: on friday, amazon cut the price of the nexus numbr across the board b... httpaddr	positive
.twitteraddr ryker, the numbrth carolina cold fury hockey book, is live on amazon! topc httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
drone drop-offs at your door won't happen until the faa delivers: at a nasa convention in july, amazon... httpaddr topc	neutral
good news: twitteraddr will be releasing us in the us. vod, itunes and amazon from oct numbrnd, dvd dec numbrst - all under a new title: amorous	positive
i'm so bored in numbrnd i just bought some stuff on amazon	neutral
while software may be eating the world, amazon appears to be eating everything. amazon prime will soon include free restaurant delivery.	positive
amazon may intro a numbr-inch, $numbr tablet - half the price of its current low-priced model, for the holiday season	positive
aw man!my pre-ordered blu-ray copy from amazon doesn't get here until the numbrth!i should have just gone to the store! httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr paid for amazon prime. numbrnd day my products hasn't arrived how does your company resolve this...tells me it will be here tomorrow!	negative
twitteraddr nice to meet you on twitter! anything amazon travel related you may need, we're here :) !	positive
when apple brings games to appletv tomorrow, it will matter because unlike ouya, amazon. razer, etc, apple has numbr's of millions of appletvs	positive
"yes, highly recommend ""curiosity"" by amanda - get it on google play, amazon or other outlets.  httpaddr"	positive
twitteraddr i ordered it from amazon, should have it by friday.	positive
twitteraddr hi guys i changed my tarif over to fix and reward sept numbr and it came with a amazon voucher when will i receive this ?	neutral
"preview ""suite numbr"" on amazon and check out the album tomorrow! topc topc topc httpaddr"	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr i just ordered several mongoose from amazon. they'll be on my doorstep tomorrow morning.	positive
umm i maybe spent more money than i should have today oops. well hopefully the sphero amazon order dosnt come until friday at the very least	neutral
new release september numbrth which is the prequel to complicated love affairs by yolanda dumas available on amazon. httpaddr	neutral
amazon may sell $numbr tablet with numbr-inch screen during the holiday season httpaddr	neutral
. twitteraddr i think you're right. given amazon's advances with alexa skills kit and echo, a numbrrd party siri api has got to be on the cards.	positive
ordered my back pack off of amazon numbr weeks ago and it turns out they lost my package and school starts tomorrow topc	negative
yuckiest food in the amazon due thursday!	neutral
amazon may be cooking up a $numbr tablet the internet giant is reportedly working on new fire tablets for the... httpaddr	positive
i want this. and yes, i'm playing on amazon instead of reading for class tomorrow. because my head is spinning. httpaddr	positive
topc the numbrrd book in the viking's apprentice series has been released. amazon users get it here httpaddr topc	positive
twitteraddr was going to but then game had to go crazy whacko so i'll probably see if amazon still has the amiibo ed. in stock tomorrow.	neutral
anyone used twitteraddr not sure if $numbr a year for next day is worth it. think amazon may have more choice. cool to have option though.	neutral
for anyone who lives in the uk &amp;has ordered shay's book from amazon, it isn't available for release day delivery so it won't come on the numbrth	negative
cnet update - amazon may be cooking up a $numbr tablet  oh my god! welcome back twitteraddr i missed you so much!! httpaddr	positive
have a islide blck/satn silvr iphne numbr+ case since aug numbr thru amazon. love it, but pwr bttn cover came off numbrday. how numbr get a replacmnt case?	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr you have to put it on your easter list: release date is april numbrth numbr. you can preorder on amazon.	positive
adventures of thor,  bath time. numbrnd  children's book coming soon to amazon. it's about a cute beagle and bath time. httpaddr	positive
need snumbr but will probably wait until around black friday since it would be just $numbr in stores and on amazon.	neutral
twitteraddr amazon rentals. they'll charge you till the end of december but you can extend the time you use it	neutral
twitteraddr amazon released it on friday. it doesn't have in game music though. is it suppose to?	neutral
it was through a numbrrd party seller, which i thought to be a trustworthy company as to why i bought it. so hoping amazon can help me out here	neutral
amazon topc is topc for vivid!! go pre-order your copy and have it on your kindle october numbrth!  amazon us:... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr nice! i have the bottom two! where have you been getting yours? (i paid exorbitant amazon numbrrd party seller costs for xenoblade)	neutral
cinch your saddle is live on amazon!  only numbr cents until tomorrow evening.thank you gift! httpaddr httpaddr	positive
happiness cause amazon just notified me that my bluray version of gotham will be here tomorrow!	positive
need a job?! amazon will be on campus tomorrow prepared to offer jobs on the spot!! numbr-numbrpm cst httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr i just ordered one from amazon it'll be here on friday let's fucking roll	positive
omg!  see you on amazon! httpaddr	positive
"somewhere, my mother just sat straight up in bed. ""is that...a cowboy hat? are there babies involved?"" ::she desperately clicks on amazon::"	positive
i'll make these available on amazon tomorrow as well! httpaddr	positive
well one $numbr amazon prime fiasco later my stuff for the game friday is guaranteed to be here thursday...i'm counting on u amazon!	negative
twitteraddr omg i can't use my credit card reward points on preorders and it's not available on amazon until the numbrth -_- can u wait?	negative
twitteraddr say i need u to help me order my jandals tomorrow off amazon ... just to make sure i doing it right okay	neutral
grady harp - top numbr reviewer on amazon gave my numbrst topc book numbr stars and the numbrnd book numbr stars. topc topc	positive
had this new planner on my wish list on amazon.. let's just say it's on the way and will be here friday :)	positive
"there and i added quite a few items to my ""wish list"" that they have on amazon for items i may wanna purchase in the future)and earlier"	positive
twitteraddr for some reason amazon app store had the update on the numbrth or for some reason my mcpe updated to numbr.numbr.numbr back on the numbrth!!!!!!	neutral
amazon's refusal to integrate nicely with the android ecosystem may have been its undoing in the fire phone market.  httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr i'll check tomorrow to see if it's on amazon or netflix :)	positive
amazon is offering free two hour shipping or numbr.numbr one hour shipping. i'm going to have to try this out tomorrow.	positive
author: if i've ever reviewed your book, grab a screen cap now! amazon may pull it down. httpaddr httpaddr	negative
my uroboros tracking from amazon is different... i hope that means it's coming via the route that will make it in time for friday delivery!	neutral
twitteraddr no but about to go to bed bc i may get called for numbrst...lol. it's a lot to explain...by ella james. pull it up on amazon.	neutral
my amazon package was supposed to be delivered today by numbrpm. guess that means i'll get it tomorrow before numbrpm?	negative
roses are red just received its numbrth review on amazon! double digits! :d... httpaddr	positive
damnit amazon! when you say you're going to ship something on the numbrth, i expect it to ship on the numbrth!	negative
; a; impulsively bought a docking station for my laptop 'cause i needed one and amazon said it would arrive tomorrow if i ordered now	positive
twitteraddr ((i feel you may have a date with amazon today!))	positive
twitteraddr you may please check my pending complaint with amazon for which i write many emails and called customer care.	negative
my birthday is in november! i'm addicted to etsy, marshalls, and amazon. make it happen, friends :d	positive
new wish list on amazon.  hoping to get on twitteraddr tomorrow during the day ;) httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr jelly. mine won't be here until friday because amazon are tight with shipping dates :(.	negative
i ordered a numbrgb nexus numbr from amazon a couple days ago. it just shipped and should be here on thursday!	positive
twitteraddr got amazon last thursday, got ios last night but the update isn't showing in google play store yet...	neutral
topc is already off of amazon prime for free? nooo!! bummer man .i guess my numbrth watch of it is gonna be delayed a bit .twitteraddr	neutral
twitteraddr thanks! make sure you snag a copy from amazon or your local shop so you're ready for issue numbr in november :)	positive
twitteraddr this is the exact reason why i don't preorder friday releases from amazon. they always push it back to the monday delivery.	negative
"spike lee on his new project, amazon's numbrst theatrical film release topc ""art can impact the world in a positive way and a negative way."""	neutral
twitteraddr thems the breaks. i may have made more $ from the fire phone than amazon did. ;)	positive
email from amazon this morning tells me the new twitteraddr book will arrive on tuesday!  looking forward to the topc on topc	positive
numbr star seo author promotion page designed numbr help come up in the numbrst page of search engine results, above amazon &amp; sws httpaddr	neutral
amazon hiring fair: $numbr.numbr hr. with a shift differential - free transportation - benefits september numbrth numbr... httpaddr	positive
amazon: httpaddr listen to ad free music online with amazon here httpaddr and sign up for free	positive
twitteraddr you may check with amazon for kindle as it's screen is glare free and can be read in sunlight too.	positive
can't wait! i'm so happy i can sub on amazon to see it!  httpaddr	positive
wines of france was scheduled for publication tomorrow, but amazon released it early. look inside at httpaddr	neutral
as apple goes bigger/expensive on tablets, i had a nice chat with twitteraddr about amazon going smaller/cheaper httpaddr	positive
congratulations to jessie, for winning the july/august challenge! a $numbr.numbr gift card to amazon! great job jessie!!! httpaddr	positive
amazon rainforest: lungs of the world has lost a numbrth of its trees in numbr decades httpaddr	negative
thats what i did with mine. i scoured amazon for months and found a deal just like that and snatched it up so fast. httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr just finished topc ptnumbr,wow! just wow! you got a date for part numbr yet? amazon is saying march numbr but ad says october numbr?	positive
trying to watch any given sunday on amazon prime and there's big chunks of the film cut out	negative
good to see twitteraddr new book available in hard copy.  amazon prime bringing it tomorrow.	positive
on the ball, twitteraddr numbr emails today announcing that clarkson, hammond and may are to make a series about cars for amazon prime! who knew?	positive
i have discovered that bobby's world has unlimited streaming on amazon prime. i may or may not be watching it while i'm on the bike.	positive
heads up: an important change to amazon prime effective august numbr will limit how you can share free p... httpaddr twitteraddr	negative
i'm bummed with amazon prime right now. i ordered something and it was supposed to be delivered today, but it wasn't and i leave tomorrow :(	negative
hammond, clarkson and may have signed with amazon prime httpaddr via twitteraddr topc topc topc topc	positive
twitteraddr but if i need a power adaptor that may be my next amazon prime buy tomorrow...tbh the luggage alone was stressful enough.	positive
amazon prime summary: great if you order loads of stuff, sunday delivery, home essentials with now. prime video is a nice bonus.	positive
twitteraddr i've had several problems with amazon prime - customer service has been a nightmare especially if your items are from numbrrd party vendor	negative
i just cried at the amazon prime advert with the boy in the superman outfit. wild friday night	neutral
anyone seen these? just stumbled across them on amazon prime. looks like i may have just planned out my friday night. httpaddr	positive
transparent is a good show, recommend it! on amazon prime though so if you don't have it you may have to locate another means of watching :p	positive
thought bbc lost twitteraddr to amazon prime but delighted to see it back on tv for numbrrd series. period detective drama at its best!	positive
god bless amazon prime just ordered another for delivery tomorrow ... topc	positive
amazon prime is pretty nice :d ordered my cousins bday presents friday and they're already in the nearest usps location.	positive
twitteraddr my package is here,sitting in the p.o;no priority delivery,on sunday.they do.it for amazon prime???	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr if you have amazon prime, it may be for you. best buy is dropping the cost of the fire stick, i hear.	neutral
twitteraddr those are some big words, i'm hyped. i'm getting it tomorrow, amazon prime is a beautiful thing.	positive
tfw the numbrnd the hunger games movie is on amazon prime but not the numbrst one i didn't watch	neutral
ahhhhh i'm getting a turntable tomorrow! shouts to amazon prime one day shipping!	positive
twitteraddr risers will help for sure i think, just got a couple sets from amazon prime due tomorrow to see if i like them or go elsewhere	positive
twitteraddr will do!  hope you'll check out my numbrst feature twitteraddr on itunes and amazon prime!	positive
just in time since we are almost done with the justified series on amazon prime.  &lt;g&gt; httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr made in reality ordered from amazon prime - i'll have it tomorrow !!! cant wait exciting timesxxxx	positive
i'm kind of confused why my amazon prime stuff that shipped today isn't coming until the numbrth-numbrth. that's certainly not two days.	negative
twitteraddr i have amazon prime which is supposed to be like numbr-day shipping but it says mine won't be here till next tuesday :/	neutral
"this just in, new car show on amazon prime to be called ""numbrnd gear""! cheers to twitteraddr and company!"	positive
"""arriving tuesday"" is decidedly the least prime my amazon prime shipping has ever been. wha happen?"	negative
because the answer is wednesday and that is very soon and i'm still not packed (also my amazon prime order didn't arrive today wtf)	negative
this is on amazon prime! can't wait to see it tomorrow!  httpaddr	positive
related: spending my saturday watching the original man from u.n.c.l.e. on amazon prime because how have i not done this before??????	positive
twitteraddr love amazon prime just placed an order and it will be here by lunchtime tomorrow. great for impatient shoppers like me.	positive
thanks to amazon prime i have a new phone case coming tomorrow. i don't want to do what my momma did and drop it and smash the screen.	positive
nice: twitteraddr numbrnd spot in amazon prime's topc topc shows next day delivery coming to rescue of a lame topc httpaddr	positive
pacific rim's on amazon prime now. might watch that for the first time tomorrow.	neutral
seeing as you have to be apart of amazon prime to watch certain shows, i may have to join to see the rest of the man in the high castle.	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr numbrrd bass documentary going straight to netflix and amazon prime	neutral
ordered pair of cardboard cutters friday on amazon prime arrived at my house at numbr:numbr this morning. i trust the drivers are getting paid well	positive
i started topc on friday courtesy my vacationing cat-owning neighbors with amazon prime. oops. uh, i'm not paying amazon myself.	neutral
the one time we want to use the amazon prime streaming and it's down... grrr ruined my sunday night! twitteraddr	negative
twitteraddr that's a great movie. it's on amazon prime too. i watched it for numbrrd time last night.	positive
decided to make the most of my amazon prime, by seeing what all the hype about topc is about. numbrst episode is heavy going..	positive
if you haven't seen twitteraddr from my husband twitteraddr catch it on amazon prime starting sept numbrth! httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr um, i may or may not have bought the first season on amazon prime and am kind of excitedly freaking out right now.	positive
and lemme tell you why my amazon prime addiction is real. i could go to the store to purchase an umbrella, but im online. delivery tomorrow.	positive
yeah, that's pretty real. amazon prime is that crack! hopefully it won't rain until they deliver it to you. lol httpaddr	positive
such a retard! somehow managed to get another trial for amazon prime and i've forgot to cancel it for a numbrnd time	negative
great, my cables have now been bumped from being delivered today to friday. thanks amazon prime, really feeling the worth here.	negative
did i miss something?  just placed an order from amazon prime with free numbr day delivery and got a guaranteed date of sunday?!?	positive
ordered numbr amazon prime items yesterday. one will arrive saturday (numbr days!), another sunday (numbr days?), the third on tuesday (numbr days???).	negative
i like testing amazon prime shipping so i don't order shit till numbr:numbr on a friday to see if they can get it here by saturday...	neutral
making sure i get the most use out of my amazon prime account is my saturday morning ritual.	positive
just got my the great unknown  download free on amazon prime! sounds great!!! twitteraddr it  just may be my new favorite cd!	positive
yeah, i know it's sunday delivery &amp; whatnot - and who else does that?! - but my amazon prime package is numbr and a half hours late... so far...	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr amazon prime should have it here by wednesday. squee!	positive
*counts down the days until october numbrth and blesses amazon prime shipping* twitteraddr	positive
i'm a sociologist with an amazon prime account; i also eat strawberries in december. i am the problem!	neutral
amazon prime now delivers alcohol to fuel your drunk online shopping: httpaddr said on tuesday it... httpaddr	neutral
as he stared at his monitor, the decision to puchase amazon prime was suddenly an easy one for steve sarkisian httpaddr	positive
im in the mood to watch next friday but netflix don't have it. let me check on amazon prime	neutral
amazon prime is a lie. it said my stuff would be delivered by monday. its wednesday, and still hasn't arrived. tracking doesn't make sense.	negative
twitteraddr i used amazon prime to get harper a pete the cat shirt :) wish she could have it in time for the pete the cat parade tomorrow.	positive
i don't have cable, so i'll catch up with suits via amazon prime tomorrow.	neutral
twitteraddr if you have amazon prime, you can stream the first numbr seasons. i was hooked numbr/numbr way through the numbrst ep.	positive
finally broke down and got amazon prime and the delivery on my numbrst purchase as a member is late. twitteraddr i was expecting better.	negative
from september numbrnd in japan: netflix, amazon prime video + hulu and all the other streaming services already operating. which one to choose?	positive
sneaky pete on amazon prime! loved the numbrst episode! topc httpaddr	positive
ordered some stuff off amazon for the stream! should be here saturday because of my free amazon prime trial that expires tomorrow.	positive
when you're sick of waiting for a book to come in from bn so you ask your husband to order it via amazon prime. yup. getting it saturday.	positive
treat yourself to tablettv this bank holiday. order today with amazon prime and you could have it tomorrow. httpaddr	positive
aftr network drop amazon prime streaming deal for numbr more years make the show unsignable for numbrrd season by anybdy but amazon.	negative
friday the numbrth the series is on amazon prime. see you all monday	positive
just had my numbrst experience with amazon prime. holy. crackers. amazing.	positive
i just found quest for camelot on amazon prime. my sunday afternoon is complete	positive
i'm so impressed with amazon prime. i bought these dvds yesterday and they delivered the next day on a sunday. httpaddr	positive
tonight i spent numbr minutes looking for someone with amazon prime so i could order a ouija board for friday without my mom finding out topc	positive
the numbrst season of hand of god, with twitteraddr will be available numbr/numbr on amazon prime.  wtg twitteraddr loved you in blacklist!	positive
ship by region provision may augment amazon prime's two day shipping deal: httpaddr	neutral
traveling just got a bit more pleasant for amazon prime subscribers. on tuesday, the online retail giant announced&amp;nbsp;that it's now	positive
if you are a frequent flier, you may want to finally get that amazon prime membership... httpaddr via twitteraddr topc topc	positive
amazon prime fucks me off so much, like you get really into something and then after like the numbrrd season you have to pay. fuck off.	negative
numbr days until topc arrives on amazon prime. we'll have a review for you tomorrow. until then, here's a trailer: httpaddr	positive
grocery delivery services instacart and amazon prime now to the test in this does it work wednesday: httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr whsmith i think? or an amazon prime account would get it there by tomorrow	neutral
twitteraddr a) i only just now found out about force friday what the hell. b) amazon prime those blasters.	neutral
yes that's right twitteraddr close down your best channel why don't you? you're not meant to be netflix or amazon prime. httpaddr	negative
amazon prime deliver on a sunday...just saying...	positive
somebody remind me to cancel my amazon prime trial membership before the numbrth so i don't get charged for the year.	neutral
munchkin steam guard electric sterilizer $numbr.numbr @ amazon prime only  may not be the best steri httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
the new episode will be up on friday but you can prepare by watching twitteraddr dry her pits for free on amazon prime. httpaddr	positive
see how cute she is on her day off? i spent my day off in my pjs watching the numbrst season of survivor on amazon prime httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr i just got amazon prime last night and ordered a new mouse pad, and it's gonna be here tomorrow woo	positive
twitteraddr we've got a numbrnd gen roku and really enjoy it. same here with netflix and amazon prime	positive
while software may be eating the world, amazon appears to be eating everything. amazon prime will soon include free restaurant delivery.	positive
judging by all the book-sized packages awaiting her arrival tomorrow, our local indie bookshop owner is an amazon prime member. topc	positive
since it's free on amazon prime, i'm gonna watch teenage mutant ninja turtles now. may the gods have mercy on my soul.	positive
dont be on amazon prime at night. amazon prime is the new home shopping network.you mess around &amp; have numbr blenders at your door on thursday.	positive
twitteraddr i'd just order it from online then. if you have amazon prime, you'll have it by friday.	neutral
amazon prime is literally a lie....i ordered a book last monday &amp; it still isn't here. do better twitteraddr	negative
for any amazon prime members, today is amazon prime day! which is said to be bigger than black friday. if you are... httpaddr	positive
"**if you love a great deal-- don't forget amazon prime day is today!    they have ""black friday"" type deals.  i... httpaddr"	positive
shop on amazon prime day with us!  more deals than black friday, and numbr% goes back to patients httpaddr	positive
it's amazon prime day  -- they say it's better than  black friday so enjoy! httpaddr	positive
it's amazon prime day using the autism sprinter link, it's a new as good as getting deals on a black friday!!... httpaddr	positive
amazon prime day is just like black friday if you only buy bulk protein powder and will-making software on black friday.	negative
"today is ""wishlist wednesday!""  it also happens to be amazon prime day...get to it: httpaddr"	positive
amazon says it's offering more deals today than black friday. numbr tips for taking advantage of amazon prime day: httpaddr	positive
amazon prime day, july numbrth all day, one day only lots of good deals, check it out topc httpaddr	positive
i was really excited for the amazon prime day sale, but everything is garbage. better than black friday my butt!	negative
today is amazon prime day.  today is the best day to buy.  july numbrth only. httpaddr topc	positive
"amazon prime day disappoints some shoppers: amazon prime day promised numbr hours with ""more deals than black fri... httpaddr"	negative
amazon prime day is here! more deals that black friday! check it out. httpaddr	positive
"amazon prime day its better than black friday if you are into buying useless crap. this ""sale"" isn't worth having prime at all."	negative
amazon prime day, but instead it's just wednesday.	neutral
is it me ... or is the amazon prime day ... sucks . i have yet to find a great better than black friday deal! damn i was excited too!	negative
woohooo! they have released a list of the sneak peek deals for amazon prime day tomorrow! cheap nikon cameras,... httpaddr	positive
this amazon prime day thing is just like black friday, if you ignore the part where amazon didn't put anything you want to buy on sale.	negative
it's topc wednesday! amazon prime day is in full force and cnet is keeping an updated list of the best deals. httpaddr	positive
is it just me, or is amazon prime day less black friday and more your weird neighbor's garage sale?	negative
happy numbrth birthday amazon! amazon prime day is bigger than black friday! support qchf, save money, and feel... httpaddr	positive
amazon prime day is today-more deals than black friday. eligible topc purchases earns us numbr.numbr% when you shop httpaddr	positive
"""amazon prime day will be like black friday!"" i guess because i'm just as disappointed?"	negative
numbr/numbr wall st- was amazon prime day a dud?: everybody was watching to gauge the impact of wednesday's amazon pr... httpaddr	neutral
today only is amazon prime day, which offers more deals than black friday! if you plan to shop, don't forget to... httpaddr	positive
amazon prime day disaster: numbr people who may never get over it: amazon prime day, despi... httpaddr httpaddr	negative
tomorrow is amazon prime day. free numbr-day trial to take advantage of all the sales tomorrow. httpaddr	positive
amazon prime day might be better than black friday for real	positive
amazon prime day is pretty much a bust at this point. black friday, its up to you to save us.	negative
amazon prime day is black friday for people with a fixed address topc	negative
"check out: ""amazon prime day just outsold black friday"" httpaddr"	positive
verge: amazon prime day just outsold black friday httpaddr httpaddr	positive
amazon prime day deals pose little black friday threat: a blue selfie stick pro with numbr-in-numbr bluetoo... httpaddr topc	neutral
topc amazon prime day is taking over black friday: amazon has created its own holiday. the company just a... httpaddr	positive
no deal on an exclusive outing with twitteraddr to friday's astros game?! what kind of amazon prime day is this?!	neutral
amazon prime day: the big offers as retailer launches day of deals bigger than black friday httpaddr	positive
amazon prime day: what all the fuss is about: amazon's prime day promised massive deals rivaling black friday,... httpaddr	negative
&gt;gamergate is a hate group &gt;amazon prime day is going to be bigger than black friday  what do these two things have in common....	negative
amazon prime day is to black friday, as a root canal is to christmas day.   the hype didn't live up to the delivery.	negative
"amazon prime day is a bust. this was going to replace black friday? now i feel justified in sleeping through ""sales."" topc"	negative
"where i truly believe amazon failed for their amazon prime day sale.... the moment they claimed it'd have ""bigger deals than black friday"""	negative
i knew amazon prime day was destined to fail when i saw it was held on the numbrth. numbr is composite not prime... topc	negative
amazon prime day beats black friday says retailer amazon prime day may have been an excuse for the retail... httpaddr	negative
"granted, i'm comparing it to giving birth to our numbrnd kid, but i'll add my ""well, that was anti-climactic"" to the pile re: amazon prime day."	negative
"well amazon prime day kind of sucked, didn't it? i was hoping for much more. ""bigger than black friday,"" huh?"	negative
amazon prime day is here! members can get some amazing deals today, just like black friday! please consider our... httpaddr	positive
what have you scored today?   it's amazon prime day ~ more deals than black friday! topc ----&gt; httpaddr	positive
so amazon prime day got rained out right? cause there's no way those deals rival black friday deals. when's the rain date?	negative
amazon prime day: all you need to know about day with 'more deals than black friday' httpaddr	positive
if you are one of the many shoppers out there wanting to take advantage of amazon prime day today july numbr -... httpaddr	positive
was the amazon prime day a big hit? well.. there's a topc hashtag trending. at numbr our twitteraddr reports on what may have gone wrong	negative
amazon prime day... tried to be black friday but realized it was, in fact, born white. topc	negative
amazon prime day is the equivalent of drinking alone at home on a friday night.	negative
did you know that 'amazon prime day' was trending topic on wednesday numbr for numbr hours in glasgow? httpaddr topc	neutral
amazon prime day is basically all the stuff that was left over on january numbr, right? lame.	negative
people may be complaining about amazon prime day deals, but i got myself a lovely camera for my trip. so flippin' excited!!!	positive
your turn: amazon prime day was supposed to put black friday shopping in the dust.  but many say it's a garage... httpaddr	negative
only two spots remain in my july numbrth camera workshop. there's just two hours left to get my amazon prime day... httpaddr	neutral
we have finally discovered a day of the week worse than monday: amazon prime day. seriously, monday &gt; prime day. topc topc	negative
amazon prime day is like going on the numbrrd date with a gal, and when you finally get her panties off she got a dick!	negative
jesus may have been born on christmas and died on easter, but he got the tableware for the last supper at numbr% off on amazon prime day.	neutral
"if amazon prime day is ""better than black friday"" then i'm going to sleep in!  should have been called amazon garage sale day!"	negative
"after witnessing it, i now realize i've seen amazon prime day every saturday for years....we call them ""garage sales"""	negative
twitteraddr distressed over all the stuff they bought on the numbrth--amazon prime day.	negative
i knew black friday. black friday was a friend of mine. and you, amazon prime day, are no black friday.	negative
so it turns out amazon prime day *did* turn out a lot like black friday--overhyped and not worth the time. topc	negative
amazon prime day? amazon scam day is more like it. more deals than black friday my ass! httpaddr httpaddr	negative
why was amazon prime day on the numbrth? that's not a prime number. should have been the numbrth topc	neutral
amazon prime day is not the new black friday as british retailers have little appetite for mega sales... yet. httpaddr	neutral
self: tis july numbr already. so proud of you for not falling for the amazon prime day sale gimmick!   other self: d'oh!	positive
amazon prime day really was better than black friday; i could look at all the crap i didn't want from the comfort of my own home.	neutral
amazon prime day may be over, but you can still get a great deal on this faa-approved airplane seat belt extender httpaddr	positive
"it looked like ebay and a garage sale had a baby an named it ""amazon prime day"", a glorified ""black friday""garage/yard sale."	neutral
"""amazon prime day had numbr% higher sales than black friday, you whiners!""   see, little one, black friday has this thing called ""competition""."	positive
amazon prime day:  numbr.numbr million items ordered breaking all black friday records with numbr items ordered per second.	positive
twitteraddr amazon prime day was success in record sales. beating black friday, i got great deals on tv audio. so it's not just tupperware	positive
'amazon prime day' appeared on wednesday numbr at the numbrth place in the topnumbr of edinburgh's trends: httpaddr topc	neutral
have you heard about amazon prime day? don't miss it - july numbrth! yay! topc topc twitteraddr topc  httpaddr	positive
so the much mocked amazon prime day? it outperformed the company's best black friday by numbr%. humanity in a nutshell. look at the shiny.	neutral
breaking nose: amazon prime day is rescheduled to the numbrth of winter solstice to return on black friday. topc topc	neutral
amazon prime day broke sales records exceeding black friday numbr sales, which had been the biggest black friday to date says amazon.	positive
amazon prime day sales up numbr per cent on black friday: amazon has detailed its plans to make prime day an annu... httpaddr	positive
"it didn't live up to the ""black friday"" hype imo --&gt; amazon prime day leads to sales surge and consumer complaints httpaddr"	negative
amazon claims prime day as big as black friday: amazon prime day netted the e-commerce... httpaddr via twitteraddr	neutral
see what's going on in the world of ecommerce including amazon prime day, ebay qnumbr results and apple pay news httpaddr	neutral
despite all the funny posts about lack of discounts...amazon prime day sales beat black friday httpaddr	positive
amazon prime day beats black friday sales: we're at the edge of the mobile shopping era httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive
amazon prime day: worst sale ever or huge success? - it was dubbed the next best thing to black friday. it caused ... httpaddr	neutral
amazon prime day tops biggest black friday for the company: amazon's first prime da.. httpaddr httpaddr	positive
i wonder how many of the purchases fell into the impulse bracket? topc amazon prime day beats black friday sales httpaddr	positive
wife: amazon prime day beat black friday.  me: that's so racist wife ...	neutral
amazon prime day: thirteen days in september: the dramatic story of the struggle for peace:  httpaddr	neutral
saturday night, so you know what that means! i'm gonna try out my nose hair trimmer i got on amazon prime day. god bless you everyone	positive
is amazon prime day really the new black friday? our insight team take a look: httpaddr	neutral
httpaddr amazon prime day beat black friday, but did they make any money? via twitteraddr topc topc	positive
search around black friday much higher compared with amazon prime day httpaddr twitteraddr	neutral
twitteraddr ordered pc parts on amazon prime day, one day shipping, haven't received my item yet. it is now monday. very dissatisfied.	negative
and that's also pretty much the deal i missed out on during the amazon prime day sale. ....ah, i get paid friday. what the heck!	neutral
hao and i use it for all the discounts. especially on amazon prime day which is their black friday. shipping is nice httpaddr	positive
marketing &amp; sales, numbr marketing lessons from amazon prime day: even though the social media world may h... httpaddr modesto	neutral
by suzanne moore, monday numbr july numbr the guardian this time, it's not me who says that! //ro angela merkel and... httpaddr	neutral
"does twitteraddr still believe that ms. angela merkel is the ""real leader of the free world""?  httpaddr (greeks may disagree"	negative
varoufakis may have some expertise in game theory, but angela merkel is the grand master of the game  httpaddr	positive
"alexis tsipras to angela merkel - early monday morning - takes his jacket off and giving it to merkel, saying: ""do you want this too?"""	neutral
on another note, it seems greek pm tsipras married angela merkel to francois hollande on sunday topc httpaddr	negative
by michael nienaber berlin, july numbr (reuters) - the parties in angela merkel's coalition government sent conflicting signals on the latest	negative
angela merkel: 'deny marriage to gay couples': angela merkel revealed on tuesday that while she thinks s... httpaddr (hfp)	neutral
when you spend the day being angela merkel to numbrth graders and then leave your bag in an uber. topc	neutral
twitteraddr nicola s, theresa may, liz kendall &amp; angela merkel. but i'm wrong about the last one, right? i just see her everywhere atm.	neutral
young palestinian asylum seeker breaks down when angela merkel explains to her why she can't stay in germany httpaddr	neutral
moving video illustrates europe's refugee problem: angela merkel tells sobbing asylum seeker why she can't stay  httpaddr	negative
angela merkel, explaining to a crying child that germany might just deport her. httpaddr httpaddr	negative
perhaps prime minister's questions would be better if policy victims asked the questions. see this with angela merkel httpaddr	neutral
wow, angela merkel tells sobbing asylum seeker why she cannot stay in germany (video): httpaddr httpaddr	negative
this has just brought a tear to my eye: angela merkel tells sobbing asylum seeker why she cannot stay in germany httpaddr	negative
"""politics in hard some times"" angela merkel's response to a palestinian girl in tears about her eminent deportation httpaddr"	neutral
"angela merkel tells sobbing teenage refugee slated for deportation that germany ""just can't manage"" to help everyone httpaddr"	negative
may not agree with angela merkel on a lot, the fact that the uk refuses to accept a fair share of eu refugees is conveniently missing from..	neutral
the best politicians tell people the truth, not what people want to hear.  angela merkel is awesome!  httpaddr	positive
angela merkel and a palestinian asylum seeker:httpaddr get civilized islam! stop crowding our world with your barbaric ways.	negative
her reaction may have been a nur awkward. but at least, angela merkel was honest telling the girl just how it is. topc	positive
angela merkel is a true leader . she has to tell a numbryr girl she cant have everyone stay in germany httpaddr	positive
this is some background on angela merkel &amp; the palestinian girl you may have heard about.  httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive
you may blame angela merkel for her response, but if you are a history student, you will remember that the islamic... httpaddr	neutral
great news indeed for topc the teen who talked to angela merkel topc can do it very well too! httpaddr	positive
contrasts numbrth-numbrst cent. angela merkel understands quantum physics. does she have political depth for long term german survival?	neutral
twitteraddr what the world needs is for angela merkel to kick him in the nuts the numbrst time trump calls anyone around the gnumbr table a loser.	negative
i don't agree with germany bailing out greece for the numbrrd time.angela merkel is retarded and this new world order is a senseless stupid idea	negative
had a dream about meeting angela merkel and discussing the greece crisis and how she may not win the next election if debt had to be w/off	neutral
i'm sure they are changing the species. look at the obamas and angela merkel. planet of the apes...here we come.  httpaddr	negative
"'angela merkel' stars in lesbian magazine ad: wednesday sees the launch of new magazine ""straight,"" aimed at g... httpaddr"	neutral
"""grexit"" struggle tests germany's power duo: on july numbrth, her numbrst birthday, angela merkel stepped to the pod... httpaddr"	neutral
slavoj zizek: how alexis tsipras and syriza outmaneuvered angela merkel and the eurocrats (in these times, jul numbr) httpaddr	neutral
angela merkel tops guest list at legendary bayreuth festival: german chancellor angela merkel topped the guest list saturday of the g...	neutral
the new statesman's cover reads 'the motherhood trap', with an illustration of sturgeon (pictured), angela merkel, theresa may and liz	neutral
lol at mar doing the angela merkel hand rest gesture. topc  topc	neutral
moscow, may numbr (reuters) - russian president vladimir putin and german chancellor angela merkel will discuss the crisis in ukraine at talks	neutral
if angela merkel fainted at bayreuth tristan it may be the only thing she has in common with emmanuel chabrier httpaddr	neutral
would british politicians go to the opera? angela merkel flies the flag for german arts. httpaddr	neutral
"after that idiot, i'm definitely cheering on the germans today. starting a ""there's only one angela merkel"" chant numbrnd half."	neutral
merkel the great: angela merkel set to run for numbrth term according to reports httpaddr	neutral
angela merkel plans to run for a numbrth term in numbr httpaddr if she wins she'd be chancellor for numbr years	neutral
apparently, angela merkel will step down as german chancellor tomorrow to pave way for the first non-german chancellor, lord bendtner.	neutral
angela merkel to run for numbrth term....if this happens in africa, un, us, gnumbr etc will be planning to invade the country...hypocrites topc	negative
aktuell: reports: angela merkel set for numbrth term: there are no term limits in germany and the last cdu chancel... httpaddr	neutral
angela merkel is expected to go see tristan &amp; isolde at bayreuth. i want her job httpaddr	neutral
topc leader angela merkel twitteraddr  to run for numbrth term, she is in talks about her election campaign according to topc	neutral
twitteraddr topc fiorina, hands down. but, can she show she can lead the miltary? she may be the next angela merkel twitteraddr	neutral
twitteraddr  not to worry, trump won't remember it tomorrow. but think about the ramifications of using this kind of language about angela merkel.	negative
angela merkel at the numbrrd national electric mobility conference in berlin httpaddr topc	neutral
twitteraddr and what did angela merkel say? she's going for a numbrth term. germany is going to the dogs, right?	negative
migration the real european crisis - angela merkel httpaddr	negative
carly fiorina may very well be the smartest woman in the world. next to angela merkel, that is. httpaddr	positive
had a dream that angela merkel was trying to get me to snort coke with her at a music festival. happy wednesday everybody	neutral
angela merkel  after numbryrs in power she is seeking a numbrth term.let just imagine she was an african leader..	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr i see it like this: angela merkel: german multiculturalism has 'utterly failed' httpaddr	negative
but i thought angela merkel was the most evil woman in europe?  httpaddr	negative
angela merkel urges brazil to protect amazon rainforest: brazil and germany threw their weight thursday behind the push for a global ...	neutral
'angela merkel is right: the migration crisis will define this decade'. httpaddr	neutral
angela merkel and french president francois hollande will meet on monday in berlin to discuss the current migrant crisis solution to it	neutral
angela merkel may need as many refugees due to long penises from africa to record movies, etc ...these cultures do not belong in the eu.	negative
on the big phone in today - do you agree with angela merkel that the uk should take in more migrants? httpaddr numbram twitteraddr	neutral
germany can lead the immigration debate - chancellor angela merkel said tuesday that the migration crisis... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr when i read about angela merkel's comments i thought .sure i wont mind if she becomes numbrst president of europe	positive
illogical things are not democracy. after deutschen nazis accussing angela merkel in betrayal, she may crack them by police to be clear	negative
angela merkel: strong link between the euro and peace httpaddr	positive
washington, aug numbr (reuters) - president barack obama in a phone call with german chancellor angela merkel on wednesday voiced	neutral
angela merkel and francois hollande consider the conduct of the elections in dnr and lnr threat minsk agreements  httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr tat may be the president of azerbaijan. i don't even think this is current. that's a very youngish angela merkel behind abe	neutral
i may not agree with her stance on greek debt crisis but angela merkel's stand &amp; leadership against xenophobia is admirable!	positive
'they are fellow human beings' angela merkel on the refugee crisis. at last, a leader who is also a human being; httpaddr	positive
angela merkel's humane stance on immigration: httpaddr would that we heard more from the canadian campaigns on this topic.	neutral
angela merkel says pleased about france calling for talks on euro zone reforms: merkel said on monday ... httpaddr topc	neutral
eu may bring back border controls, angela merkel suggests: the german chancellor says for the... httpaddr topc	neutral
angela merkel told uk to take more of her numbr,numbr immigrants.that was april.now she's putting in border controls httpaddr	negative
"""there can be no tolerance of those who question the dignity of other people."" - angela merkel stood up to be counted httpaddr"	neutral
twitteraddr   daily telegraph reports angela merkel has said the eu may be forced to bring back passport controls in the wake of the migration	neutral
eu may bring back border controls, angela merkel suggests httpaddr &lt; admittance that she's been wrong all along? hope so...	neutral
theresa may calls for a return to the original principle of eu free movement, angela merkel calls  - httpaddr topc	neutral
there's no love lost btw them but angela merkel will present the biography of her predecessor gerhard schroeder on sept numbr, twitteraddr reports	neutral
closing the stable door etc - eu may bring back border controls, angela merkel suggests | via twitteraddr httpaddr	neutral
join us in prayer for syrian refugees in hungary budapest,may our.father bless mrs angela merkel.thank you mrs merkel httpaddr	positive
chancellor angela merkel said catalonia may have to reapply for eu membership if it seceded from spain. topc httpaddr	neutral
may be get twitteraddr to do us all a favour and sink the thing with a gunboat (leave angela merkel) httpaddr	negative
angela merkel's jackets: many colours but just one look httpaddr	negative
apparently germany leads the way. well done angela merkel.  httpaddr	positive
did you know that 'angela merkel' was trending topic on wednesday numbr for numbr hours in sweden? httpaddr topc	neutral
god bless angela merkel and the people of germany . . . leading the way. may the uk government follow their example httpaddr	positive
more than numbr,numbr refugees are expected to make their way to germany by saturday. angela merkel setting an example topc	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr why nobody have ever said it about any country outside africa? : why angela merkel ran again for a numbrrd term?	negative
chancellor angela merkel leading the topc march to germany  httpaddr topc topc httpaddr	neutral
angela merkel: europe as a whole must help with refugees - video  (via twitteraddr topc topc httpaddr	positive
numbr% of syrians are graduates.  perhaps angela merkel's decision is not just humanitarian.  httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
chancellor angela merkel planned to discuss europe's migrant crisis with her coalition partners sunday, as... httpaddr	neutral
dear german citizens any concerns or criticisms you may have over my actions mean you are xenophobic and racist. i win love angela merkel	negative
angela merkel may be the most powerful politician in europe, but she has rarely shown much inclination for bold... httpaddr	neutral
obama was given the nobel prize on entry into the white house;angela merkel may well get at the exit point- for service to 'refugees'.peace	positive
i really want to thank angela merkel for letting all those refugees in. she shows what humanity is about. may god bless her topc	positive
angela merkel says border controls may have to be restored it's a pity she didn't  listen before it was too late.	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr they are organising this invasion with the help of numbrth columnista angela  merkel who is selling out germany	negative
twitteraddr i only changed to apple iphone numbr in june and i don't believe the cellular is as good as android phones imo	neutral
you can live stream today's apple event here at numbr pdt : httpaddr	neutral
tech tuesday: apple launches new iphone with 'force touch' httpaddr topc	neutral
"they may have redesigned the apple site but they kept the ""taking the store down for an event"" bit - httpaddr - slow clap time"	neutral
good morning! numbrnd day of my two day work week and then more travel tomorrow! and it's apple event day! yay!	positive
rumors suggest no apple event this october. so you mean all the ipads are on it's way today? come on, now that's so much of writings.	neutral
i should remember that i may not care what apple is announcing,but i do care about massive topc disruptions like apple @ bill graham. topc	negative
the apple launch event will be going live by sharp numbr:numbr pm in saudi arabia, on this day, that's wednesday.	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr apple isn't done creating the iphone numbrs.. they do that tuesday. i'm sure they have priorities.	neutral
realising that its numbrth sept today &amp; apple will be announcing the new iphone at topc today made my day!! topc topc	positive
know what is event more exciting than the apple event today? bit fest thursday &amp; friday? httpaddr httpaddr	positive
psa:  apple event starts in numbr minutes, a worthy distraction for ignoring whatever class you may be in.	positive
i really hope apple weighs a cup of nuts on the iphone numbrs (numbrth generation iphone)	neutral
"in an unprecedented move, apple is supporting streaming of today's event on ""a pc with microsoft edge on windows numbr"" httpaddr"	positive
t-numbr hours. if you don't want to be inundated with apple tweets... i'd unfollow me until tomorrow morning...	neutral
wednesday apple reveals their new products...so u should set up an appt w/ your financial planner around the same time	neutral
what to expect besides the new iphone numbrs at apple's september numbrth press event httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
watch apple's september numbr iphone and more launch on twitteraddr httpaddr if you have a few hours to kill.	neutral
what to expect from apple in about numbr hours and numbr minutes httpaddr	neutral
numbr,numbr seats for an apple product announcement? iphone is just upgrade. apple/siri tv may be big. i wonder who's playing? taytay? billy j.?	neutral
how the new apple tv may change the way we watch television: believe it or not, but the star of apple's big me... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr we are hoping for the september numbrth. just waiting for approval from apple.	neutral
could we find out today just why apple spent $numbrb for dr. dre's beats? inquiring minds want to know. httpaddr	neutral
my predictions for the apple event: apple have bought tesla, uber and google cars, as of tomorrow car ownership is now a thing of the past.	neutral
here you go twitteraddr what to expect from apple's big event httpaddr &gt;&gt; fallen off the chair with excitment.	positive
interesting, the apple event stream now allows you to watch from the microsoft edge browser on windows numbr httpaddr	positive
iphone numbrs launch: more details leak ahead of apple's september numbr event: iphone numbrs launch on wednesday is just ... httpaddr	neutral
apple's new announcements come wednesday: also likely - a new version of apple tv, with a redesigned set-top b... httpaddr	neutral
you can watch the live topc special event.  join apple here on september numbr at numbr a.m. pdt.  topc topc   httpaddr	neutral
excited to hear about the new tech today from apple !! httpaddr	positive
anyone interested to find out about the new iphone - livestream from numbrpm uk time on any apple device httpaddr	neutral
apple's september special event tonight :d topc topc topc topc topc httpaddr	positive
love to friends at the apple event. wish i were there with you, but given what i'll be doing on the nurburgring tomorrow, i shan't complain.	neutral
today's apple event can be streamed on a pc only with microsoft edge. interesting. cc twitteraddr httpaddr	neutral
may the force (touch) be with you, apple. unleash that monster ipad. come on! topc	positive
apple product launch at numbrpm uk time. i will race home to watch, get caught up in the hype, then calm down tomorrow and buy nothing.	positive
goosebumps i always get before an announcement.  numbram it will be streaming on apple's website.  get ready! httpaddr	positive
honestly. sony getting feisty with apple is like watching a chihuahua yapping at a rottweiler httpaddr	neutral
if it's unumbr i'm breaking all my apple devices httpaddr	negative
you can watch apple's own stream of today's event, or you can read me making fun of it. you must choose httpaddr	neutral
the apple event starts numbr minutes after i get out of chemistry. i may be sprinting back to my dorm to catch it in time.	positive
twitteraddr live stream of apple event requires &lt;long list of apple stuff&gt;, or a pc with microsoft edge on windows numbr. httpaddr	positive
it's time! come hang out with twitteraddr folks in the common area of the numbrth floor of grady to watch apple's big announcements at numbrpm!	positive
apple fans: today's the day to watch! topc starts at numbrpm est. watch it live at httpaddr httpaddr	positive
"twitteraddr ""i hope the apple event tomorrow is a numbrs"""	positive
apple's keynote set to start @ numbrpm central time. stream it here: httpaddr	neutral
love sales and apple watches? join twitteraddr on numbr/numbr from numbr-numbrpm est twitteraddr for the numbrst fall sales invitational httpaddr	positive
numbr september has arrived, which means apple's new iphone is now just hours away from becoming an official thing. httpaddr	positive
we will be live shortly with apple's september numbrth iphone -- and more -- launch. starts at numbram pst. httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive
looking forward to tonight's apple announcements.  find out more httpaddr	positive
looks like apple exec twitteraddr just confirmed we'll be seeing some big screen news today httpaddr topc	positive
this may be more of an apple revival meeting than a press conference. this is the employee registration line. httpaddr	neutral
"i feel like i'll lose whatever ""cool person"" creds i may have had by saying this, but i honestly don't care about the apple event today."	negative
may be sick, but i'm still tuning into the apple event thing at numbr, because i want to support my babu.	positive
this chick bid on the numbrst showcase (bunch of apple products). rookie mistake. numbrd showcase was a trip, a tv and a car. her face was hilarious	positive
if drake drops at apple music i'm not going school tomorrow i'm taking a day off	positive
today's the numbrth&amp;i forgot that apple thing now i feel like those fans that wait for something from a band but it's just apple&amp;i won't get it	negative
apple has an event at numbr:numbr pm  watch it live thru this link  httpaddr  topc  topc	neutral
twitteraddr at the same time as the apple event? nope! test weapons have to wait until tomorrow! ;-) topc topc topc	positive
topc a look at the evolution of apple's iphone: apple will unveil the new iphone on wednesday. the next ipho... httpaddr	neutral
"if you can't watch apple's video stream, follow the news in twitteraddr live blog: httpaddr did somebody say ""rose gold iphones""?"	positive
twitteraddr all eyes on apple today. don't miss the topc starting at numbram pdt. httpaddr	positive
hours to go for apple event, here's the word on the streets: were just numbr hours away from apples september numbr ev... httpaddr	neutral
numbr% no one is dropping an album at today's apple event. free trial period ends sept numbr. if anything, it'll be after to encourage renewals.	neutral
if you have missed one of the many many many many fyi posts about this, the apple event is here ---&gt; httpaddr	neutral
rumor has it apple is likely to unveil numbr new iphones at their numbr sep media event; iphone numbrs, iphone numbrs plus,iphone numbrc httpaddr	positive
just numbr minutes to go for the apple event live: httpaddr	positive
retweeted not jony ive (twitteraddr  if you want to know what twitteraddr will do tomorrow, tune in to apple... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr there's no word that he signed over to apple yet but may be true.	neutral
twitteraddr i think the keyboard on the surface pro may be a weak point. will be interesting to see what apple does for hardware input	neutral
don't want to watch a scope of the topc event livestream? go directly to apple site. httpaddr	positive
numbr minutes until all of the android fanboys goes squealing for the apple's september numbrth event! ;)	positive
wait.  so did apple just give folks another reason to upgrade to windows numbr?   httpaddr	neutral
t-minus numbr minutes! c'mon apple, gimme something good to obsess about and sell my body for	positive
come on winnumbr users, just to screw with apple's statistics let's stream their live event from the edge browser :) httpaddr	negative
a) watch the apple event, despite having little interest in what may be announced  or  b) keep working, catch highlights later  leaning a :/	neutral
check out our live coverage of the apple event here. httpaddr	positive
apple announcement event just starting... httpaddr topc	positive
topc is about to start! watch apple's live stream here: httpaddr	positive
you lot may want to mute or unfollow for the next goodness knows how long this apple event is going to last.  i fear a rant may come on.	neutral
oddly the apple event will stream to a edge browser but not to chrome httpaddr	negative
httpaddr  feels weird watching an apple event with so much suffering going on in syria :-/	negative
apple's tim cook has just taken to the stage promising some mega announcements - even skipping the regular updates: httpaddr	positive
this apple event makes me sad about landfills filled w/old iphones but they i just remember the sun will go nova someday &amp; i'm ok again!	neutral
apple's twitteraddr gives an update on the projects launched in june. topc has gate numbr% satisfaction. topc httpaddr	positive
from the topc - new watch faces &amp; numbrrd-party complications + facebook messenger, gopro, and airstrip coming to apple watch	positive
i don't think they'd drop the album at the apple event, however it may explain them performing at the apple music event in september-a	positive
so the apple event stream doesn't allow it to be streamed in chrome or firefox, but does allow the edge browser o.o httpaddr	neutral
apple's yearly event is underway! what products do you expect the to release? watch live here: httpaddr	positive
nero: apple event is about to start. apparently they are about to get serious about gaming. again. httpaddr	positive
i'd call it plugins but apple calls it complications httpaddr	negative
apple's event is streaming in stereo.  may seem minor but as a audiophile, i just love and appreciate this.	positive
really excited about apple watches collab with topc - so beautiful! the new models with a new os update - everything is available sept numbr	positive
this is even more depressing than the apple event. httpaddr	negative
trying to follow the topc without an apple product. here's a live blog. httpaddr	neutral
amused by the numbrnd hand commentary on the apple keynote this morning. topc topc	neutral
this looks like the best live blog of apple event today httpaddr	positive
topc apple announces major update to the apple watch for september numbrth httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
apple's new model of watchos numbr is going to be available on september numbr in numbr countries except india httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr that's what i was thinking when i heard apple event!!! the one on the numbrnd	positive
numbr best apps for the apple watch (that may make you crave one) topc httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr depends on wearable tech being viable. i think so and the apple watch is already profitable so i think we'll see numbrnd gen.	positive
apple watch now works with august`s designer smart lock httpaddr topc httpaddr	positive
httpaddr when you are at home it is more likely that you have an apple watch on your wrists than a iphone in your pocket.	neutral
been using the twitteraddr watch for a few days now and going to compare it to the apple watch tomorrow on omn. httpaddr	neutral
unlock your door from your wrist with topc smart lock for apple watch httpaddr topc topc	positive
apple watch the new smart door key.  httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive
"advert for apple watch features a birth scene, with the caption ""delivery times may vary"" topc"	positive
apple watch will arrive at best buy on august numbr: this greater availability of the apple watch may pla... httpaddr topc	neutral
best buy canada to begin selling the apple watch on august numbrth: a subsidiary of advanced semiconductor engine... httpaddr	neutral
apple watch is selling like hot popcorn at yaya centre. the half bald gringo with a long nose and sun-burned skin... httpaddr	positive
with the news that apple watch sales may not be as healthy as cupertino claims, we look at how the numbers stack up httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr tried on apple watch at ah: impossible to hold watch before scan at desk. turn it upside down may help!	neutral
how the apple watch may have saved this man's life httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr - where can i find the list of which best buy stores will be selling the apple watch on friday?	neutral
the apple watch may just change the way we travel. how do you think smart watches will aid our trips? httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr - what time does the apple watch go on sale this friday?	neutral
twitteraddr it's too early. though to be clear. apple watch is already the market leader. and best performing apple product in numbrst quarter	positive
wow, this may be the killer app for apple watch. httpaddr	positive
microsoft brings outlook to apple watch: microsoft made a bigger push in the wearables market on thursday, but... httpaddr	neutral
"sigh, my apple watch just informed me ""time to stand"" literally right after i sat down after walking to get a cup of coffee."	neutral
apple watch may be a game changer when it comes to fitness activities, but not everyone has jumped on that... httpaddr	neutral
the minisuit sporty armband lets you carry your iphone numbr and your keys while working out: apple watch may be a... httpaddr	positive
the apple watch has drastically lowered sales of this product: it may be unsurprising that the apple aa... httpaddr topc	neutral
apple watch arrived at best buy today  best buy began selling the apple watch on friday, becoming the first... httpaddr	neutral
apple watch now at best buy: apple unveiled the company's first major consumer device in years on monday, marc... httpaddr	positive
july numbr reuters - the apple watch will be available at stores of best buy co inc, the largest u	positive
monster trucks, apple watch email, and other awesome apps of the week - httpaddr topc topc topc httpaddr	positive
since i can't jailbreak the apple watch, the theming platform may have to been an app to download icon packs, and then the user numbr/numbr	neutral
why buy an apple watch when you can get an edgier budget topc by twitteraddr rumor: will release in november! httpaddr	neutral
getting your hands on an apple watch may soon be easier. we'll tell you where you might be able to to find it next on topc	positive
get ready for apple watch now you can start creating experiences for apple watch november numbr, numbr  httpaddr cool tech!!!	positive
twitteraddr in pr &amp; rep a kckstr for numbrst off the wrist accessories for apple watch. can i send u info? they are rly chic &amp; innovative thx	positive
with apple watch, wearable tech may start living up to the hype httpaddr  topc topc	positive
everyone is invited this wednesday.  to be in the drawing for the apple watch, bring your backpack for the... httpaddr	positive
leaked iphone numbrs parts show stronger, thicker case (bid adieu to bendgate), may be using the same aluminum alloy as apple watch.	positive
mobile news appyea prepping new mobile app for apple watch - on tuesday morning, mmw was briefed by the crew at ap... httpaddr	neutral
ubs: interest in apple watch 'tepid' - it sounds like apple watch is hot, but interest in the smartwatch may actua... httpaddr	neutral
you may be tempted to swim with this new waterproof apple watch case httpaddr topc	positive
apple watch sales sluggish but will catch on, says analyst: is the apple watch a flop so far? hmm, that may or may not be the case. b...	neutral
. topc we're walking around now and if we see you wearing our tshirts, one of our team may give you an apple watch!	positive
a crappy cycling app that doesn't even support the apple watch faved this tweet: httpaddr	negative
you'll be able to buy the apple watch from select harvey norman, domayne, jb hi-fi and myer stores from tomorrow   httpaddr	neutral
ever since the launch of the apple watch in late april, each of the bands for the wearable have become available... httpaddr	neutral
samsung teases round smartwatch with heavy apple watch influence:  samsung's unpacked event on thursday brough... httpaddr	neutral
what a world of difference a leather band makes on apple watch. h/t twitteraddr for pointing me in the direction of numbrrd party lugs	positive
checking texts in class just got a lot easier. follow these steps to take home our apple watch @ kick-off tomorrow! httpaddr	neutral
refer a friend to serve and you could win an apple watch! see how and enter by friday at httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
don't miss your shot to win an apple watch from twitteraddr tomorrow morning ... get the secret code here: httpaddr	neutral
square cash adds convenient money transfer to apple watch:  cash, the iphone app that lets you easily send mon... httpaddr	neutral
release: parallels access numbr.numbr with apple watch support capabilities: on august numbr, parallels an... httpaddr topc	positive
iphone numbr release date: reports point to september numbr or numbr: apple ceo tim cook wears the apple watch and shows t... httpaddr	positive
first day since april numbrth that i haven't worn my apple watch, and quite by accident. the day of glancing at an empty wrist begins.	positive
twitteraddr hi there! i reached out re: a new accessory for the apple watch - wanted to see if you may have interest in covering?	positive
apple watch is coming april numbr. watch the new ad while you wait. httpaddr	positive
numbr apple watch apps you should check out: ten more apple watch apps your wrist may thank you for httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr topc no worries chris, glad you loved the lime. don't forget the apple watch winners are announced on monday!	positive
hooks looks like we may not have sapphire crystal on the apple watch	negative
this may have changed my mind about buying an apple watch.  httpaddr	neutral
there's gonna be that one kid on monday that walks in with the apple watch.	neutral
so, i may have just ordered myself an apple watch.  hope i like it	neutral
starting tomorrow, you'll be able to reserve and buy an apple watch in stores httpaddr	neutral
nice evening for a little walk. apple watch is telling me to stand up so better listen to it. topc topc	neutral
i really expected an apple watch to be a bit smarter than just telling me to stand up after i just sat down, only because it's numbr:numbrpm.	negative
skinner would love the apple watch will revolutionize education forever stories tomorrow.	positive
apple has major changes in store for the apple watch httpaddr via twitteraddr waiting on numbrnd gen...	positive
monday's poppik - bestfriend. get the poppik app for apple watch. topc topc topc topc httpaddr	positive
just think the chip inside apple watch is equivalent to several mainframes from the numbrs era! httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr wait. if you're going to get an apple watch wait until like september numbrth because apple might announce a second gen	neutral
"""an interesting toy"". looks like the the swatch ceo isn't a fan of the apple watch (via guardiantech) httpaddr"	negative
best buy beats qnumbr views, expands apple watch sales - best buy stock jumped tuesday after the consumer electronics ... httpaddr	positive
apple watch closes in on fitbit with numbr.numbrm shipments in qnumbr: idc: the apple watch still may be in relativ... httpaddr topc	positive
hope to hear more about apple watch than iphone. twitteraddr apple invites press to iphone event on september numbrth httpaddr	positive
aug numbr (reuters) - apple inc, which launched the apple watch in june, is within striking distance of leader fitbit inc in the wearable	positive
i wanna get an apple watch for my numbrth, and i will get one or i'mma be pissed the hell off lol	positive
twitteraddr  supporting aapl in nyc numbrth ave store wife n her friend each bought an apple watch plus the place is packed. business is booming	positive
twitteraddr don't you guys know android has the same thing on some of theirs and the apple watch is the numbrnd most sold watch so...	neutral
apple watch with expected price of rs. numbr coming to india in this october httpaddr	neutral
in april-june numbr q, apple watch is no numbr in the wearables market. who is the current no numbr in wearables ?	neutral
twitteraddr i'm hoping to win the apple watch. i know you draw tomorrow. please pick my name. topc	positive
it's about time: why watchos numbr convinced me to buy an apple watch   on april numbrth, as many of my []	positive
yep, so most of the free ucf shuttle; apple watch is cool playing some this fine sunday morning!	positive
android wear, poor cousin to the apple watch, fraction of the cost, a fraction of the features. httpaddr topc twitteraddr	negative
tv guide added apple watch may be one of my worser ideas, but let's be honest, i'd do it again.	neutral
apple ipad pro might be announced on september numbr event along with smart bands for apple watch.	neutral
i didn't think this was possible, but my apple watch has numbr% battery left right now &amp; i last took it off the charger tuesday around numbram	positive
is it true? is it true? apple watch's here? (para namang may balak ako bumili hahahaha)	neutral
my apple watch just told me to stand up.... but i haven't even sat down yet...	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr no problem! we had a blast. see you tomorrow at the big competition! starts at noon, competing for an apple watch!	positive
winner of the apple watch will be chosen @ numbrpm at pompton day tomorrow! get your chance to win for only $numbr!	positive
numbrst day of spring gardening - apple watch was super handy - nose based navigation ftw	positive
still love how the apple watch mimics the numbrst generation iphone design httpaddr	positive
the apple watch may become so addictive it keeps people from looking at what's truly important in life, like their iphones.	neutral
so remember when i said i was going to get the apple watch on friday	neutral
twitteraddr code buster for apple watch, the numbrst game out of our creative coding centre. httpaddr   httpaddr	neutral
apple watch is a flop as aales of the gadget have ... httpaddr	negative
that sense of accomplishment when you've sat in front of your computer for numbr hours straight apple watch says you've met your exercise goal.	neutral
busy first day at topc coming tomorrow? don't miss the chance to win an apple watch at our stand! (numbr) topc httpaddr	positive
what apple watch has reminded me hope it's coming sooner than march (looking at you valentine's day).	positive
top numbr features we want from the next version of android wear: the apple watch may have taken the world by stor... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr lol i was talkn abt swansea bro, smh the numbrth postion is either u guys or arsenal that one na standard!	neutral
twitteraddr sorry if you are sick of hearing this... but in january transfer window do you think arsenal might try again for benzema?	neutral
merson has predicted us to finish numbrth this season and arsenal numbrrd..... sky sports home of the biased mofos! httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr not heard that song since uni. tottenham supprting friend singing about arsenal when we went to watch them play shef wed.	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr finished numbrth, just like arsenal.	neutral
twitteraddr choose one:   a. spurs finish numbrth, but arsenal win the treble.   b. spurs finish numbrth, above arsenal, but means no new stadium?	neutral
twitteraddr i know what you mean. people are always shocked when i say my favourite game was arsenal at villa park in numbr in numbrnd lc replay	neutral
don't know the arsenal's history and don't understand anything about football. impressive... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr are you on drugs? you're deluded if you think arsenal will finish numbrrd. i expected your spurs prediction. topc topc	negative
rumours about arsenal's january transfer targets are already being circulated by the 'news' media. a week off from transfers would be nice.	negative
man utd numbr arsenal numbr. sylvain wiltord scored as arsenal win numbr-numbr at old trafford in the fa cup numbrth round. httpaddr	positive
arsenal midfielder theo walcott is linked to a move to camp nou the upcoming  httpaddr	neutral
arsenal may have made a slow start to the premier league season, but arsene wenger's men are clearly looking to pick up the pace.	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr lol moyes went from numbrst to numbrth and lvg went from numbrth back to cl and they're the same level? only arsenal fans	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr no i vehemently disagree, if wenger was as past it as you say, arsenal would not have finished numbrth as	neutral
topc revised expectations for arsenal after numbrst month of season: at the outset of the numbr/numbr sea... httpaddr topc	positive
. en f we fail numbrst we wl chase numbr top numbr finish at the  end like arsenal nachukia walai walai topc	positive
last day of being numbr today. although some arsenal fans would have had me at numbr the day after my numbrth birthday...	positive
own goal is in unreal form. scoring goals for fun. just hope he comes back injury free. england and arsenal's numbrth man.	positive
caught offside: arsenal forward delighted with brace for england in numbr-numbr drubbing of san marino httpaddr topc	positive
"padres have ""numbrrd team cam."" naturally, there's a dude in an arsenal kit. i don't think you can even have a block party w/o an arsenal shirt."	positive
aquarius - uranus in your numbrth house and uranus in the numbrrd house brings you to look to arsenal's press conference for guidance	neutral
he may have been arsenal, but you can't help but love thierry henry at times..... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr haha it was closer to the six yard line.ha...remember beating arsenal numbr-numbr nevin numbr thought wed win the league that season	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr would you be upset if arsenal finish numbrnd?	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr our true par is probably numbrth behind arsenal. it might not be nice but it's the reality	negative
twitteraddr did the team score goals? did they beat city, arsenal, liverpool and draw chelsea ? how about that for sneaking into numbrth	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr he kept them up for the numbrst year in the epl,with wins over manu, arsenal &amp; spurs. which is &gt; winning promotion.	positive
an amazon delivery on a sunday is as unpredictable as arsenal on transfer deadline day.	negative
i guess having numbr main teams is the best way to go about it, going with arsenal,psg, and a numbrrd one i can't  think of atm	neutral
lol he's better than any united centreback, would be numbrth choice at arsenal httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr gabriel doesn't even make arsenal's numbrst team, enough said.	negative
twitteraddr . so long as arsenal finish numbrth, cl is confirmed, mr wenger will remain as manager. realistically, we can not win the pl.	neutral
twitteraddr it doesn't matter where they play, what matters is they play for wales, better than england, may i add! (p.s, ramsey is arsenal)	positive
excellent performance tonight from twitteraddr looking to see you against arsenal next sunday	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr how much was he signed for? did it make a dent in mr king's warchest or is he going back to arsenal in january?	neutral
take welbeck being unable for the euros with a pinch of salt. pretty sure we'll see him in an arsenal shirt come may.	positive
"arsene wenger admits arsenal must be ""more realistic"" about their premier league title chances after losing numbr-numbr at swansea city on sunday."	negative
twitteraddr even if arsenal admits he's out numbr months, we're not making a major signing in jan... that's if we make any signings at.	negative
so it's all on giroud and theo for arsenal, then... httpaddr	neutral
i thought arsenal were the ones who were supposed to have this  httpaddr	neutral
on a monday morning you still carry schneiderlin matter put for head. these arsenal fans ehn	neutral
thoughts turning to sat &amp; whilst there's obvious concerns if we get at them early as we did at arsenal with a high tempo we can win topc	positive
arsenal will have no trouble finishing numbrth and above. we've done it with chamakh-bendtner upfront.	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr c'mon guys, surely chupa chups! my arsenal mate took the piss every saturday for that one!! topc	neutral
first it turns out meek mill is an arsenal fan, now this. i'm finding a new club. this is a barcelona account now. httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr i agree with chelsea city and arsenal but man utd?no way mate they will be more closer to numbrth rather than top numbr	neutral
everton fc transfer rumours: blues to make january move for arsenal man, moyes' premier league.. httpaddr	neutral
arsenal could buy psg's lavezzi in the january transfer window after admitting that he is likely to leave topc	neutral
arsenal midfielder content with draw httpaddr	neutral
jon moss has been appointed referee for arsenal v stoke city football club in the premier league on saturday numbrth... httpaddr	neutral
wow! international defender to make arsenal transfer in january, is this what arsenal needs? httpaddr topc	positive
jon moss ref for saturday. that's every numbr numbr going in arsenal's favour then	positive
imagine: arsenal are on the verge of winning the league with their numbryr old, numbr goal, syrian hot-shot, flying.  and he's deported in march.	negative
i love ozil but how on earth is he the numbrst choice corner-kick taker for both germany and arsenal? what the hell does he do in training??	negative
twitteraddr awesome, our only out and out striker lacking in confidence and out of form. i'm sure the arsenal fans will back him sat......	neutral
cazorla tomorrow and that's it on the arsenal front, cba to watch england, spain much more pleasing to watch	neutral
twitteraddr yessir. leaving the numbrnd. a try get a ticket for the arsenal match on the numbrth	neutral
does anyone know how silver/red arsenal members can sell their tickets? can't make saturday's game. topc twitteraddr twitteraddr	neutral
why the press people hate man utd so much for is all of the press people they all is arsenal fans mainly the sun and the mirror that's why	neutral
arsenal defender, mathieu debuchy has been linked with a january move away from the club. topc topc	negative
arsenal and liverpool eye january move for the 'next cesc fabregas' - daily star httpaddr	neutral
man utd recall de gea? ceballos to liverpool? arsenal want milan star? back pages for sept numbr  httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
arsenal's per mertesacker: 'i don't see myself coaching because the ... httpaddr	neutral
gunners want real madrid midfielder? tuesday's arsenal gossip round-up httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
unlucky wales. any news on the fitness of stoke's scrum-halfs ahead of their game against arsenal on saturday? httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr ideally i need to find someone who is going arsenal who can collect cards after match or collect from london on the thursday	neutral
i have a spare ticket at arsenal on saturday if anyone fancies it?! topc topc topc httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr happy numbrst james! hope you're well and hope arsenal treat my oh	positive
be fair, cde. it's like the way my arsenal will viciously fight any team that tries to come numbrth. it's our spot.  httpaddr	neutral
revealed: arsenal's most injured xi, four players still in the squad httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive
arsenal fans need to cheer giroud on saturday at the emirate. this is his true home. topc topc	positive
i still call arsenal's old ground highbury. like chuff am i going to call it anything other than the millennium httpaddr	neutral
arsenal fans should get behind twitteraddr early on saturday for his confidence, otherwise the team will be lethargic and negative.	neutral
where will arsenal finish this season? numbrth. numbr% of voters agree with me. httpaddr	positive
finding out twitteraddr is an arsenal fan has broken my heart a little bit. still, going to be great to have him back saturday.	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr if you're struggling come january and benzema don't happen, i'd go for him, he'll give numbr% for arsenal, and score!	positive
might try get tickets for bayern vs arsenal at allianz arena on november numbrth. someone sort me out with some tickets!	positive
hopefully shaqiri is too knackered from tonight to give arsenal many problems on saturday	neutral
big game for arsenal on sat, need a convincing &amp; solid performance with goals against stoke, giroud &amp; alexis need to perform! topc	positive
topc | arsenal vs stoke city | sabtu numbr september | open numbr:numbr wita | at homebase (warkop dg te'ne) | dc: all about arsenal.	neutral
british press spin the truth to claim arsenal and man city have made moves to sign isco this january httpaddr	neutral
our exciting card game, arsenal, is coming to kickstarter next week! order on september numbr and get it in november! httpaddr	positive
juventus are ready to let simone zaza go in january, with arsenal interested in the numbr-year-old striker. fichajes - in spanish	neutral
daily cannon: coquelin: arsenal label means you're obliged to give more httpaddr topc	neutral
gemini - waxing sun in your numbrst house think about arsenal's great show of character	positive
a good few arsenal fans still pulling for giroud. guess it's numbrrd/numbrth in the league, round of numbr in cl and maybe an fa cup again.	neutral
transfer news numbr/numbr/numbr: arsenal want star in january, man utd keen to sign varane httpaddr	neutral
i have a feeling arsenal will beat stoke on saturday, especially as i'm lucky enough to be going, so excited ....	positive
the date is may numbrth numbr    what players in today's arsenal team would get in the first eleven for tonight's match at anfield?	neutral
twitteraddr who gives a fuck, same old shit with arsenal. will finish numbrrd or numbrth, go out of cl last numbr. what's the point anymore?	negative
arsenal-stoke statistical preview - stoke have proven arsenal's bogey side in recent years, but the team under mar... httpaddr	neutral
watch the first clip from bronnt's new soundtrack to arsenal. playing live topc twitteraddr on sunday httpaddr topc	positive
anyone of you fancy joining me at arsenal v stoke on sat?  i have numbr spare ticket (sat next to me) - numbrpm kick off	positive
numbr reasons why arsenal would be wasting time and money on simone zaza: arsenal have been linked with a january ... httpaddr	negative
what time is arsenal vs stoke on saturday and what tv channel is it on? - httpaddr topc	neutral
twitteraddr not sure, looks like it...yes, may marvel! &amp; paul bettany &amp; team arrow's arsenal lol. may additional fee pa ata for the guests :))	neutral
"shaqiri on game at arsenal:  ""it will be a difficult game for us at arsenal on saturday, but it is one that we... httpaddr"	neutral
still looking for their first win, arsenal face portsmouth twice in a week, this evening at highbury with the return fixture next wednesday	neutral
hit me midway through the day that today isn't just numbrth aniv of me being an arsenal fan: also exactly numbrmths since we beat utd &amp; my dad died	negative
topc .neymarjr may make barca return against malaga: coach httpaddr via toisportsnews httpaddr	neutral
yo! chelsea! remember when barca said fabregas was poo poo in the numbrnd half of the season. no refunds	neutral
twitteraddr against barca pre season stand out player numbrst half.. i dunno what's going on with us atm frustrating to see us lose	negative
vermaelen starting for barca numbrnd time in a row. didnt think he'd play that much for them.	neutral
neymar playing his last game for barca before he signs for us on tuesday i see topc	positive
twitteraddr that he's a numbrth choice cb at barca and has started two games?	neutral
twitteraddr think they put him number numbr/numbr these sky sports pundits are pro barca,  spent ages talking about messi's win on thurs.	neutral
we now just need less than numbr.numbr goals in the barca match and real match to land the numbr/numbr numbr-fold. i may cover our bet before the last match	neutral
let's go barca numbr goal before the numbrst half ends.	positive
i hope that barca does a lot more better in the numbrnd half then in the numbrst half.	neutral
twitteraddr surprise, surprise! barca has the upperhand, but it seems malaga has their numbrth man, the ref is so bias. topc topc	positive
i honestly think what we're seeing with fabregas is really him and why barca were quick to part ways. last august-november was a one-off	neutral
i can't believe the last time barca scored against malaga was in january numbr, that's odd. my money on malaga to win tonight topc	neutral
soccer saturday! watching barca with my nerd right now and then going to see the armada tonight!	positive
again, awful from barca. not the best result, they should get numbr goals or more. calderon on the numbrth, serious.	neutral
vermaelen the hero for barca: thomas vermaelen was the unlikely hero as barcelona laboured to a numbr-numbr home win over malaga on saturday ...	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr barca may have more points but real madrid play the better football	positive
topc did florentino perez make the schedule in la liga? barca's numbrst numbr away games all against top numbr teams; rm plays sevilla &amp; numbr creampuffs.	positive
twitteraddr same. knackered. i'm going into town tomorrow to watch it. probably go barca on the locks. where you watching it?!	positive
"pedro sat bench for barca &amp; kdb wins poty in germany but yet pedro is the ""better"" player."	neutral
barca on the other hand could have problems. must avoid injuries and stay in touch til jan and probably add numbr more on top of arda an vidal	neutral
twitteraddr hey ben really enjoyed your set in barca last night, what was the numbrnd last track you played? sounded like caribou?	positive
had great time in barca, also made some profit which is always nice. back to the online grind for the sunday today topc topc	positive
return of sunday morning watching the lad play footy. all week i picture them playing like barca, the reality is very different. topc	positive
at least we won't face de bruyne for wolfsburg in the champions league, or against city when they get barca in the numbrnd round	neutral
twitteraddr this is the roma i wanna see vs barca in rome on the numbrth. the match will be epic.	positive
twitteraddr i look at his past record numbr n it's awful nearly got barca relegated nearly finished numbrth wif bayern bnumbr he got sacked	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr what chance nolito ?? or is he off to barca in jan ?	positive
done my balls in barca but still treated myself to a five euro numbrst class upgrade on the fast train to madrid. topc	positive
(assuming barca are the best team in the world) who is the numbrnd best in your opinion?	positive
twitteraddr it solves part of the problem but the jigsaw still has some big gaps that need addressing by numbrpm tomorrow! enjoy barca!	positive
for football fans, it's transfer deadline day. for us, barca fans, its just another monday :v	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr  do you guys think if barca reaches january as leaders they can win the league and whether team can achieve that	neutral
twitteraddr did you not see my reply? barca's front numbr tomorrow. don't even @ me.	neutral
plus, atleti still killing it. my heart may belong to barca but i love the competition. first place may not be so predictable. (numbr/numbr)	positive
twitteraddr yer some argentinian kid from barca is flying in tomorrow, apparently traore has told him it's good at villa.	neutral
does barca's transfer ban expire after tonight or on the last day of december?	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr if he can play then i hope he plays against barca, on the numbrth	neutral
so de gea will be just like the barca situation, can't play but is basically at the club because he should leave when january comes	neutral
if ddg is stuck here till jan, can we offer him to barca just to annoy madrid even more.	neutral
madrid and barca run the la liga, not a chance ddg won't be a madrid player by tomorrow.	neutral
of course it will be, when barca can sign a player inspite being banned from signing, why not real get numbr minute. httpaddr	neutral
can we just really piss madrid off and sell de gea to barca in january	negative
twitteraddr very true i wish they would accept but i think we have a shot to get him in january and fight barca for him what do you think?	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr personally i think utd should just tell madrid, the deal is gone and then in january sell ddg to barca	neutral
barca may have the best players, but they are miles away from having the best team. look at that shit def. topc httpaddr	positive
"barca fans when they saw ""uefa will study the case tomorrow. they will make a decision on the de gea case"" httpaddr"	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr barca will successfully defended the title, with the arda and aleix in january plus msn i don't see them lose.	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr .. which they won't do as they are facing a transfer ban akin to barca. even de gea going january misses the cl.	neutral
he was in the atletico academy, real is the biggest team in europe next to barca. all his friends are in madrid. lol httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr when managers/players make it a matter of their ego then things always go bad. that's his problem.. numbrnd stint at barca e.g	negative
barca won the treble and had a transfer ban yet they signed two players. arsenal came numbrrd in the bpl and they didn't buy an outfield player	neutral
twitteraddr barca turned down the opportunity and experimented with suarez. bayern haven't opened a cheque yet[have numbrst preference]	neutral
twitteraddr he's a fraud who will be gone by may. bet you weren't saying this when he was at barca	neutral
twitteraddr its the dogs, ye its amazing and defo go to a barca game, the numbrst footie game ive enjoyed in years	positive
ben lederman may well end up being the first american to play for barca but, for the time being, it sounds like he's heading to florida.	neutral
definitely liverpool's anthem is the best, numbrnd is barca's one, love it!	positive
twitteraddr he should come out in press now. and may be sign for barca or city. :d	positive
then everton will get the player from barca on loan :) httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr he's off to barca in january	neutral
twitteraddr equally he's d numbrnd most expensive undernumbrs(after neymar's barca move)&amp;numbrrd most expensive signing in manu's history topc	positive
atletico madrid is going to be dangerous..pedro leaving is going to hurt barca in the long run..no bench to rest msn httpaddr	neutral
real madrid get better of de gea saga, barca goalies also under pressure: while transfer deadline day may have... httpaddr	positive
.twitteraddr may make barca return against malaga: coach httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr it is true numbrth biggest behind barca, rm and manchester united with over numbrm fans	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr here's the thing if you put barca and madrid in the epl it would be exactly the same in la liga barca numbrst	positive
twitteraddr loooool phones a myth. in venice today, going to nice in the morning then going barca on saturday for a week. also send money	positive
yea, just play for unumbr when the club asks, u may had won a lot wit barca but that is past, tis is unitedddd(spartaa) httpaddr	neutral
can only mean one thing: he is joining barca - probably in january.	neutral
twitteraddr psg could be the numbrnd best team in the world behind barcelona but they always get barca lol, so we would never know	neutral
friends of barca, i'm off on saturday to travel round spain so would like to see as many of you as possible... httpaddr	positive
but i really wanna go out this evening, or tomorrow, doesn't matter, i just wanna party! there's not better place to than barca.	positive
good luck to all our teams for tomorrow numbrst games of the season. celtic,rangers,barca,real,olympic,boca, bayern &amp; atletico topc	positive
heavy saturday, barca. the rain was knowing that how much i love you ! httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr we are numbrrd same as bayern after rm and barca. why the fuck are you taking the name of that snake.	negative
twitteraddr yeah!!!! may the force be with you, just believe in yourself, the team and don't forget you play for barca!!!!! twitteraddr	positive
"twitteraddr haha no, the first was just barca and then i put the ""|"" just to separate for my numbrnd club"	positive
twitteraddr still got smacked by barca. wolfsburg went far in the europa and bvb lost to finalists. epl is numbrrd.	positive
fifa sunday! twitteraddr psg or barca all the way twitteraddr	positive
the tenerife vs. barca femeni game has commenced. jenni hermoso scored for barca in the numbrth minute. tenerife numbr-numbr barca. topc	positive
barca beats joventut numbr-numbr in numbrst preseason game. marc garcia and demond mallet led all scorers with numbr points each	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr exactly. only reason torres even came back into the lime-light were for numbrst minute goals vs madrid &amp; barca	neutral
twitteraddr boo hoo... in barca at the moment! the bar doesn't open sunday and monday's! go home tuesday. topc	positive
arda turan got cramp, i am not surprised! sign for barca but can't play til january, what do you expect lol	neutral
twitteraddr the chap is in his numbrnd season of a numbr year deal. he has done the business at barca and munich and i'm sure he will do it for us.	positive
twitteraddr he'll be ready in january for barca!!	positive
twitteraddr the thing though is if pogba ever does leave juve it will be to barca, also my team isn't in numbrth place right now.	neutral
can't wait for arda to play with barca, january na pls! httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr so neymar being fifth and eden being numbrth shows nothing other than barca did better than chelsea in the cl.	positive
we are not real barca or bayern that players would be ready to join the club as a numbrnd/ numbrrd choice. on what grounds would you bench coq/santi	neutral
twitteraddr he should walk straight to barca's numbrst team.	positive
slowly getting my last bits pulled together for barca! gonna get everything finalised today so i can just relax tomorrow :)	positive
neymar was always gonna be something special. i honestly hate his role at barca, he might be good, but he has to play numbrnd fiddle to messi	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr may all the power of barca and messi be with you this season!	positive
neymar shockingly starts playing for brazil like he does for barca httpaddr	positive
i hated tata martino in barca and i can't stand him coaching argentina! even though it's a friendly no reason to play numbr defenders in numbrst numbr	negative
twitteraddr man utd are a bigger club than everyone besides real and barca. they may be at the top of their game by the time he peaks	positive
barca want midfielder, forward in january httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr barca is the best team not real .. no one can win over it ... and see u on sat ;)	positive
what a quality result that was beating barca away.good memories. now the future and beating the manc scum on saturday.	positive
before bed, just gimme a bit of strength for tomorrow, batman! httpaddr	positive
batman still solid as hell. love ya. see you tomorrow!	positive
"(a) ""things"" don't ""bounce off"" batman.  that's superman. batman dodges. (b) trump isn't a playboy, he's married.  httpaddr"	neutral
twitteraddr oh c'mon, you write batman! that means you get paid around the same amount that bruce has right?...riiiiiight? :)	neutral
"i will not be doing any batman impersonations. but any time i type ""c'mon"" please imagine will arnett's gob bluth shouting it."	positive
js news numbr september numbr - paul southwell, head of junior school from bears to batman, the js's book week parade.. httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr &lt;sigh&gt; yes i'll still be painting your batman minis. although i may need to take a break to make sure i get my malifaux done :)	neutral
"twitteraddr ouch! i know an old school, geek from pembroke pines. numbrof the numbrst ""batman"" nerds in tech support. i wouldn't send a signal numbr him tho!"	neutral
good luck tomorrow batman twitteraddr show harbaugh how the topc get down!!! topc topc  topc  topc	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr may get this but still gotta finish batman (brilliant game) and just picked up mad max on the cheap.	positive
still working on batman and the hero's journey and archetype. we will wrap that up tomorrow. also finishing up rcbm assessments. goal numbr/numbr.	neutral
twitteraddr maybe replacing people/ concepts we don't like in real life with heroic figures?we may not agree with batman but he gets results	neutral
twitteraddr donald trump may think he's essentially batman but we'd prefer batman to run for president because... well, he's batman.	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr  i hate that they have about numbr-numbr active universes around. also, having to take from batman's villain stable? c'mon.	negative
so, you all may have noticed that alli-gator and batman have been mia. well, i left alli with randi, and i passed... httpaddr	neutral
i just scanned that batman comic. i will post it tomorrow on my website, tumblr, facebook, myspace, linkedin, friendster, livejournal, etc.	positive
you can tell that saving the 'ice princess' was one of those mundane, monday jobs for batman. topc	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr but i posit batman, be he chaotic or lawful, should oppose the death penalty, though his methods may vary.	neutral
twitteraddr ||: yeah. it kind of made me chuckle when she tried hitting on batman. i may have to plan some sl's with her.	positive
hear twitteraddr and i talk about batman and bond, twitteraddr movie moves and force friday on a brand new fat man! httpaddr	neutral
batman and google earth predict it's going to be a bad month httpaddr httpaddr	positive
just in: batman has decided to check his privilege and hand over the cowl to a non-rich orphan.  many lives may be lost, but fair is fair.	neutral
twitteraddr the dc comics site has batman numbr releases on the numbrth but its out now?	neutral
me prepared for the fancy dress ballroom party this sunday, wearing this mask of batman today to see how much it... httpaddr	positive
it's almost july and someone says they hate taylor swift and this girl put on a batman mask and started lipsyncing it i think i'm in love	positive
kedai komik online exclusive | for a limited time (september numbrth - december numbrst) the batmobile from 'batman v... httpaddr	neutral
happy friday with batman animated series numbrs forever! httpaddr	positive
i just realized that batman's ideology of murdering may be the reason why i don't smoke	neutral
who would forget this? batman&amp;batgirl together under the setting sun. gu days.  topc psykubli httpaddr	positive
in other news im off for the numbrst weekend in numbr weeks... and ive a batman game to be starting!	positive
father [twitteraddr if i may,i think you should fight on topc show everyone that you are more powerful than batman on a huge platform	positive
after numbr days so far, on saturday i will finally see this guy again. come home safe batman, i love you. httpaddr	positive
"just saw a van for a bat removal company that said ""batman"" on the hood. definitely made my friday morning."	positive
batman killed, used a gun + lived in new york, not gotham for the numbrst few years in comics topc topc topc httpaddr	neutral
batman may be running better, but they have force disabled sli on the game. twitteraddr is a joke!!!	negative
twitteraddr yeah the only game i may get next gen for is batman arkham knight and mlb the show	positive
we compared numbrth grade to two-face from batman. there are both good and bad things about it. httpaddr	neutral
"twitteraddr   ""arkham knight, sir. i may be new to you but i'm not to then batman. we have something in common. we both want his head."""	negative
playing batman tonight, twitteraddr tomorrow and nfl in a week. this is gunna be a good weekend :)	positive
superman is an alien, powered by the sun. batman is a mere mortal, powered by his bank account. why is there gonna be a movie?!	neutral
just used a colon. holy punctuation, batman. it's nearly half-one in the morning. sleepy saturday.	positive
twitteraddr and twitteraddr playing batman and robin. topc make the numbrth the big one. topc	positive
hahahahaha!!! i don't think he has to worry about turning into batman, as much as he may have to worry about... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr cody may be responsible for good in the way that ras al ghul is responsible for batman.	positive
thank you all that came to my channel to watch some batman failure action tonight. i will be back tomorrow maybe sunday.	positive
damian may be a better fighter one day but for now jason is the best fighter &amp; he's got batman's prep skil.	positive
twitteraddr may joke all you want but at the end of the day its not your idealistic superman or batman cont.	neutral
httpaddr batman the killing joke numbrst print cgc numbr.numbr nm+ numbr moore bolland first print httpaddr	positive
i'm so excited for tomorrow's stream! i say we play batman all day then do some viewer games after :d should be a juicy one.	positive
i want to outline batman tonight so i can stick it in the mail tomorrow but my hand is shaking too much. i spent ~numbr hours painting today.	neutral
bio on monday but i'm reading this instead, well bio and batman both start with b!! httpaddr	negative
happy birthday to the numbrst &amp; best movie batman...michael keaton topc httpaddr	positive
holy heat wave,  batman! that was a scorcher today!  be sure to rehydrate tonight! see you tomorrow at numbram for summer sunset blast cleanup!	neutral
thank you twitteraddr ! instead of beating up bad guys, batman is beating up my psnumbr. this is the numbrrd time your game crashed my psnumbr.	negative
running so late, planning on being batman tonight for random game saturday	neutral
my boyfriend just took us to watch a film for our numbrth date - it's been dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, batman... topc topc topc	positive
remember the bale's batman trilogy. numbrst movie: batman emerges as a new savior. numbrnd movie: batman is hated and casted away as a bad guy.....	neutral
i may be the most sweaty i've ever been, but batman got the crowd going. and that's what matters. topc topc	positive
twitteraddr batman played with a broken back....the mets don't have to let him pitch on tuesday. hold him numbr postseason. numbr starts left.	neutral
since september numbr is batman day i'm having a batman month. we start off with the greatest batman story ever httpaddr topc	positive
twitteraddr happy birthday may you watch batman and robin all day	positive
i may be as excited for the martian as star wars and batman vs superman, and just behind captain america: civil war. httpaddr	positive
"twitteraddr last wednesday, when i saw you dressed as robin, all i can think about is ""who's batman? where's the teen titans?"""	neutral
celebrated my nephews numbrth birthday today!! i hope he enjoys all his batman presents.always enjoy seeing... httpaddr	positive
"""batman may of been the better man in our last encounter,   but i'm a man on a mission and it's to expose you for what you really are and --"	positive
heath ledger in batman may be the best performance of any actor in any movie of all time	positive
twitteraddr i mean, batman was corny af until this trilogy, the numbrrd one was so not batman.	neutral
twitteraddr tom hardy should play bane again... he should kill batman when they want numbr replace like in the comics... the numbrrd... knightfall	neutral
whatever, batman. you may call it the batcave, but that doesn?t change the fact you still live in your parents? basement.	negative
curled up in bed watching batman cartoons, it's a terrible monday after all.	negative
so i'll see you all tomorrow for some fun filled feeding in league and prolly some skull smashing in batman!	positive
batman death in the family numbr issue set numbr numbr numbr numbr all numbrst prints awesome httpaddr httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr  batman didn't testify at his numbrnd trial and took deal because he didn't want dp. can it get simpler than this? now i'm hooked.	positive
time to dust off the twitteraddr topc shirt!  finally get to see batman pitch at pnc.  see you thursday, twitteraddr and twitteraddr	positive
xbox numbr numbrgb black friday bundle with halo numbr, darksiders ii, tomb raider and batman httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr it's different from comic club, because everyone loves batman, but not may people walk around shooting fire balls. ya know?	positive
monday batmania! i'm live with batman: arkham asylum right now httpaddr topc topc topc	positive
got the new pc up and running! batman looks glorious!! we'll be casting it tomorrow! see you at numbram pst!	positive
batman topc drops tomorrow. make sure you go pick it up. seriously!	positive
twitteraddr the accuracy of this is scary. although i may also be sitting in batman comics	positive
based on these arkham games, batman may not kill, but he's definitely put a few people in comas.	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr good night batman. thank you and see you tomorrow!	positive
batman the topc joke numbrst printing nm numbr.numbr topc topc barbara gordon! , link: httpaddr httpaddr	positive
"hairdresser with numbryo tomorrow.  he wants it ""like spiderman"" (not peter p) / no fringe (for better face painting) / ""with batman ears""."	positive
i'm really going to break bank and purchase this batman issue tomorrow. getting an insane amount of early buzz.	positive
so the sims numbr seems borked, destiny won't download and i am at the bottom of a really boring shaft in batman. fuck you, tuesday. fuck. you.	negative
just want to thank pal twitteraddr for his part in batman topc out tomorrow. the issue is exponentially better for his contributions.	positive
i want to be batman on halloween ;w;  but i'm going to be busy on that day, even when it's a saturday tt~tt httpaddr	neutral
not funny because it may be true and it certainly won't save your parents. but it is batman twitteraddr twitteraddr httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr batman &amp; robin (trump &amp; cruz) please save america from the communists! may god be with you! (or it won't happen)	positive
holy content batman! not gonna get it done tonight, but early tomorrow before i leave for work, it will be up!  httpaddr	positive
idk since batman is a detective he may start to overthink and doubt himself. superman.  httpaddr	neutral
alright - early to bed tonight. hope you guys will take a look at batman topc tomorrow if you can - thanks!	positive
sad thing as i learned easter is on march numbrth. most of my friends will be gone when batman v. superman comes out. i wanted to go with them	positive
.twitteraddr talks about tomorrow's batman topc stand-alone story with twitteraddr here: httpaddr	positive
i may have no clue what i'm doing with my life but i have batman underwear, so...	neutral
sat my sister down and we watched batman vs robin half the movie was her sobbing the other half was her staring in horror and shock	neutral
"twitteraddr then she went all ""you read manga right? comics?"" i nodded &amp; she went ""how about you draw that blonde from batman for tomorrow?"""	positive
it's wednesday! best week in a long time. batman, harley, star wars, saga. ant man toys, tons more. love it!! httpaddr	positive
pray to batman, pray to the sun, pray to joe peschi. about the same odds any way you spin it httpaddr	neutral
as you may have guessed, i still can't get over fairhead being head of bbc.   shows utter contempt for law &amp; british people. topc	negative
twitteraddr hello gary, did'ent realise you where on bbc radio newcastle on a mon night, i love the show and the songs, you on every mon	positive
twitteraddr no because of bias. when, before thurs, are the critical, probing bbc programmes on the other three candidates?	neutral
don't fuck it up, get some good shots, this is my numbrst bbc...but not my last...and i'm going shopping after this.... httpaddr	neutral
bbc sport : twitteraddr  change of shirt. change of plan  all change?  andy murray takes the numbrrd v anderson htt... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr  as broke bbc cuts back services to uk, international propaganda becomes top agenda, paid for by you; httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr check out the bbc broadcast from cypress avenue last monday. topc	neutral
from the bbc:  free childcare scheme 'may backfire' httpaddr	neutral
bbc's eggheads cj de mooi thinks he may have killed a mugger while living homeless as teen httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr but it's ok for sustained alarmist, biased and untrue general coverage from the sun, mail, express, sky and bbc?	neutral
twitteraddr the bbc is also in the midst of a major restructuring. they seem to have a more concrete plan than hubert's httpaddr	neutral
question from afar. isn't cameron just acting on the mandate the british people gave him in may? or am i reading too much bbc and guardian?	neutral
twitteraddr watch bbc next monday to learn the dark secret of twitteraddr strategy to exit the banking market. numbr% of loans in default!? topc	neutral
"this sat bbcrnumbrextra ""raids the bbc archive to see how we reported the story of it"" from twitteraddr httpaddr"	neutral
our numbrst ever guest on topc was the ever charming twitteraddr of the bbc you can still see the video here httpaddr	positive
topc was just a start. expect a tsunami of bbc bullshit if/when corbyn wins on saturday. topc topc topc	negative
twitteraddr that's just the tip of the iceberg. there's a tsunami of bbc bullshit heading your way if jc wins on saturday.	negative
twitteraddr oh for goodness sake, bbc seems to want the gov't to allow terrorists free range to attack uk. may bbc hq be the numbrst target!	negative
who's looking forward to the new series of topc starting on the bbc on the numbrth?	positive
twitteraddr like the bbc, when they've just mentioned a brand/product. 'other ways to learn are available and may be just as effective'.	positive
twitteraddr sunday's version on the bbc was so bad, i wish my telly had been wrapped in brown paper.	neutral
so the bbc now wants everyone to be forced to pay. what a dictatorship joke the beeb is. scrap the licence fee. httpaddr	neutral
the real reason for the bbc's regional newspaper 'reporting pool'... httpaddr	positive
hello, btls.  every single one of you consumes bbc content even indirectly.  stop whining. httpaddr	negative
[tv] reluctant persuaders (bbc radio numbr) tue, sep numbr, numbr:numbr pm comedy by edward rowett set in hardacres, the worst advertising agency in lon..	neutral
stroke damage 'helps smokers quit': a brain region called the insular cortex may drive smoking addiction... httpaddr (bbc)	neutral
interesting perspective from bbc about how differing demographic projections may inform a country's refugee policy :  httpaddr	positive
bbc: eurozone growth revised upwards - economic growth in the eurozone between april and june has been revised upw... httpaddr	neutral
a few interesting tidbits from the bbc graphics - looks like german may only be granting asylum to around a quarter of people applying	neutral
httpaddr guess that just makes the lifting local rags do from bbc anyways sanctioned and official, no real change...	neutral
honestly, if the bbc, the habourer of the rich and countless pedophiles were to just no longer exist tomorrow, they wouldn't be missed!	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr miss numbryo loves numbrth street, bbc crime, etc, news hasn't had an impact yet - she still listens to me	neutral
twitteraddr if local journalism is subjected to more consumer control, you may have a case to reduce bbc journalism. oh, but the profits!?	neutral
twitteraddr will do! not sure when it'll be up- apparently it may end up on the bbc, which'd be nice! otherwise on a freeview channel &amp; online	positive
tune into bbc four this sunday for an exciting look into the origins of ballet: httpaddr httpaddr	positive
"twitteraddr also the detail that the bbc, reporting the later date on numbr september, simply assumed ""us drone strike"" httpaddr"	negative
chris alexander's tv meltdown on pnp last wed. made the bbc's front page on-line. he blames media for lack of action on refugees. topc	negative
it seems that politicians can use the bbc to issue propaganda but no one else may. the recent marches and... httpaddr	negative
we don't want bloody advertising all the time, thanks.  keep bbc ad-free.  httpaddr	negative
the guardian view on the bbc plans: nice ideas but much to prove | editorial httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive
do you fancy coming on a tour of the bbc at mediacityuk? there's availability on numbr september - httpaddr	positive
the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy game - numbrth anniversary edition httpaddr need to sign up with the bbc online.	neutral
"""bbc kicked for holding out the hand of friendship to newspapers"" guardian httpaddr"	neutral
keep an eye out for the lochgoilhead centre and numbrrd carluke scout group appearing on the bbc tomorrow night on... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr hi! i'm from bbc numbr live, did you watch lady chatterley on sunday? we'd love to hear your thoughts. follow me so i can dm you	positive
twitteraddr what in your opinion are some of the memorable saturday-night shows that bbc &amp; itv have scrapped recently?	neutral
hi twitteraddr we're recording a bbc prog at topc on arts and activism on fri and hoped you could take part... can i dm details?	positive
video: fury as lion killer returns to work: there were angry scenes in minnesota on tuesday as the us de... httpaddr (bbc)	neutral
well done twitteraddr for speaking his voice httpaddr  no-one, not least the bbc, should be bullied into quiet submission.	positive
husband killer julie mcginley lives cushy double life with former bbc producer httpaddr	negative
"twitteraddr i've read them all. i say ""read"", i mean ""watched the bbc version"". i say ""watched"", i mean ""sat in same room as wife watching"""	positive
catching up with hugely enlightening docu the ascent of women. from last wed on bbc numbr if u want to catch up. shows origins of oppression.	positive
twitteraddr abdul just interviewed on the bbc, i think numbrst time in uk. says wants to help educate other refugee kids.	positive
our trustee twitteraddr has just recorded some quick comments for bbc spotlight, tune in tomorrow for the evening news to see it!	positive
topc the christian militia taking on islamic state in iraq: (bbc) -- across the sun-scorched landscape of... httpaddr topc	neutral
"watching ""twitteraddr news today"" on bbcnumbr... c'mon bbc, give us world news in the uk."	neutral
use the bbc calculator to see what care costs you may face you httpaddr	neutral
there's going to be one hell if a backlash against the bbc if their anointed st jeremy of topc does not win on saturday.	negative
twitteraddr   never believe the state / bbc - i think you may be coming to the conclusion the bbc are not trustworthy.	negative
so the bbc gods have put an inspector calls on the schedule for sunday so now i won't have to actually read it for english i can just watch	positive
watch our chief political correspondent go through the papers at numbr.numbrpm on bbc. topc httpaddr	positive
a very happy numbrth birthday to cbbc for tomorrow!  one of my first jobs in the bbc was a vt op into pres a &amp; then tcnumbr! httpaddr	positive
"i see the bbc's ""try of the week"" was scored by wigan v catalonia dragons last saturday at the den. ....topc"	neutral
update from a couple of days ago: gerontius is in fact the best piece of music ever! i hope everyone will tune into bbc radio numbr on friday...	positive
matt long and will morris will be on bbc radio stoke at numbr.numbr am tomorrow, being interviewed in the community... httpaddr	neutral
tomorrow is going to be a peasant-fest. nicholas witchell is going to be swanning about the bbc like a jim fucking white. boak.	negative
twitteraddr could you please tell me at which time demi lovato will arrive at the bbc lounge tomorrow? thanks!	positive
twitteraddr i bet the bbc chose the 'celebrity' numbrst, the city that was blitzed was then matched up httpaddr	neutral
hope the bbc is mistaken in its forecast for snow on saturday... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr the papers (the sun in this case) usually inform the bbc press office in advance.	neutral
what a prime knob cheese sat next to me on the tube talking extra loudly on the phone about a new show he's pitching to the bbc. jog on.	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr and just wait for the bbc partnership to kick in. may as well rename eastern tory policies now	negative
countryside alliance - a few people trying to control the bbc so that they can carry on abusing animals freely.  httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr i didn't see that but there is a numbrth  birthday celebration on cbbc today with bbc kids presenters	positive
still waiting to hear from the bbc re the number of complaints about the topc programme ...  twitteraddr  httpaddr	neutral
others. tom robinson of bbc numbr music told me in july i have to get back to engaging with people.	neutral
even the puppets had id cards at bbc... httpaddr	neutral
can empathise completely with scots nationalists, re: bbc coverage after monday's panorama. left must stick together.	positive
good to see nfl back on the bbc, shame the highlights isn't till november thou.	positive
bbc picked up the nfl for numbr years.....that'll give clare balding something to do on sunday nights	neutral
peter capaldi states the bbc has no substitute, well what's channel numbr you selfish parasite httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr more propaganda from the bbc, they promote platforms of dissent, one day they may return to journalism, make the bbc a plc.	negative
twitteraddr hopefully bbc will televise film sometime as they did with numbrst numbr pieces with bbcnow. loved the bwv numbr!	neutral
that's a half arsed effort from bbc with the nfl. highlights show from november! season starts tomorrow ffs. thank god for twitteraddr	neutral
happy numbrth birthday, children's bbc! here's twitteraddr on his numbrth birthday, for which he got a bright yellow jumper. httpaddr	positive
house of cards author says my treatment raises 'disturbing questions about the inner workings' of the bbc. httpaddr	neutral
bbc sport - nfl: bbc agrees two-year deal to show live games &amp; highlights httpaddr from november?? what's the point!	neutral
twitteraddr if i'm honest disappointed to hear bbc are covering it, numbrst i'd heard, prefer license fee money to be spent on domestic sport.	neutral
bbc may have just redeemed themselves by gaining rights totopc coverage after losing the rugby, well nearly... httpaddr	positive
first record i can find of peter davison working for the bbc is all creatures great and small - began on bbcnumbr numbr jan numbr. topc	positive
first record of colin baker at the bbc: bbcnumbr serial the roads to freedom. part numbr - shown numbr nov numbr. topc	neutral
twitteraddr her political interference last yr may not be on bbc but we all remember what she did.	neutral
topc a desperate attack on jc today twitter. bbc, telegraph, sun, harpy known as mensch. hold on through the screaming for all our sakes!	negative
looks here. a list of the most popular stories on bbc - brenda's way down in numbrth, today of all days! twitteraddr httpaddr	neutral
any nfl fans tell me why this new bbc deal only includes highlights on tv from november? seems a bit late in the season. topc	negative
uk members: you may be interested in this evening's bbc documentary on the history of twitteraddr httpaddr topc	positive
happy numbrth birthday, children's bbc!! thanks for all you do for us! twitteraddr twitteraddr  topc topc httpaddr	positive
but if mr corbyn does win, he may well be haunted by a sense that he didn't really want the job in the first place.  laura kuenssberg, bbc	neutral
"""twitter on monday night was chockablock with people raging about bbc bias in the panorama hatchet job on labour's jeremy corbyn."" numbr/numbr"	positive
here are the air times for series numbr, episode numbr across the world...  uk - numbr sep at numbr:numbrpm on bbc one and bbc... httpaddr	positive
lptnumbr involved in pursuit through bentley and st james before the target vehicle lost control in the wet weather sunday evening. drugs seized	neutral
"hope you are having an ""eggcellent"" tuesday!  the omelet was for bentley and i. httpaddr"	positive
tyga may have not bought a bitch a bentley but he still bought one a ferrari.	neutral
twitteraddr bentley at the age of numbr, fake boobs &amp; lips @ numbr &amp; ferrari for her numbrth just annoys me she's famous for nothing	negative
twitteraddr the bentley may not have any bumper stickers but had alot of test drivers so it's not in that great of condition	neutral
happy wacky wednesday everyone! here's a crazy car fact that might surprise you: volkswagen owns bentley,... httpaddr	positive
i will be at the famous bentley's saloon in arundel maine tomorrow night from numbr to numbr and it's also prime rib night httpaddr	neutral
and the new bentley truck is officially coming out  httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr bitch you sucked dick you got more than a bumper sticker and you may have been a bentley but now you a prius	negative
bentley has gone from sat up on the bed to cuddled up fast asleep after his lullaby song	positive
.twitteraddr puts back a bentley miss. sun tie the game again at numbr. topc	neutral
twitteraddr -smoothed out. if it was up to bentley, the sun-speckled skin would be perfect for a photoshoot. still, dodger is dodger, -	neutral
the whole wacnumbr smack makes me feel like the spoiled rich kid, may be driving dad's bentley... but still driving a bentley.	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr offer is above numbrm. bentley won't be in the squad tomorrow i don't think	neutral
twitteraddr bentley, you are right. my sensitive skin can't take too much sun. thank you.	neutral
bentley with a floater for two for the sun, but pince, charles, and cash score to make it numbr-numbr ny early.	neutral
pretty floater by bentley over charles.   she has numbr, bone numbr..sun numbr.  stokes with the layin for her first hoop	neutral
bentley to tyler starkey on the sideline, numbrst down.	positive
bentley hits and the sun shoot themselves in the foot with a delay of game technical...prince misses somehow	neutral
bentley makes a tough jumper as she is getting pushed. sun still hanging around, numbr-numbr. topc	neutral
update:: bentley has informed me that my shoes that i cannot find may or may not be in the trash. :-) that is all. carry on.	neutral
twitteraddr bro i fucks with the bentley we took it out friday shit was slidin	neutral
bentley is numbr years old today. this was the numbrst day i got him httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr you may not put bumpers stickers on a bentley you also don't let a shit load a people drive it either if you get my drift	neutral
twitteraddr i wouldn't mind meeting up one day - picking the bentley up today but we're always in chelsea on a sat.	positive
ended up with numbr dogs friday. i think they all came to say goodbye to sawyer.  here she is with bentley the puppy.... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr do you think they'll be an improved bid for bentley at southend tomorrow? massive pause when you asked him the question !?!	neutral
threes by bentley and twitteraddr give sun numbr, tying season-high. but sun are down numbr-numbr with under a minute left.   topc	neutral
ajavon has been impressive with attacking the basket and creating. atl unstoppable in transition, bentley and lacy gone cold in numbrnd half	neutral
the hardest thing about tomorrow will be leaving bentley, but it'll be nice for my hands and feet since he's always chewing on them	negative
best wishes to the new mr &amp; mrs duke who were married at lynnhurst hotel on friday - pictured with our bentley... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr i miss you and bentley! are yal coming up saturday?!	neutral
riding in the drop top bentley on saturday after the surge numbr meeting! httpaddr	positive
bentley has the right idea! it may have been in the numbrs all day, but nice and cool down in a stone basement after... httpaddr	positive
just found bentley sat on the floor in the loo  odd dog lol	neutral
if you marry rich, you may not be happy but hey, your tears will fall on your bentley, rolex, and polo.	neutral
new bfnumbr dualtage with bentley tomorrow! :&gt;	positive
bentley says state will have a budget oct. numbrst it may not be a budget people want he tell who voted for it httpaddr	neutral
swan newbie duo steph &amp; bentley hit the stage tonight for another massive friday night live!	positive
seniors robert kugler (for numbrnd time), danny anthrop &amp; frankie williams selected captains by teammates with bentley. topc	positive
my numbram drive to leeds on thursday morning was made epic by the sight of 'fnumbr joy' sat in a transporter on park lane as a bentley was unloaded	positive
ap students, don't forget to read bentley chnumbr. for monday and complete the writing exercise by tuesday. have a great weekend!	positive
topc a man is in custody and is assisting police over the stabbing death of a man in bentley on thursday topc topc	neutral
twitteraddr i was impressed with larussa. defense dominant on numbrst team. bentley ok, better near end. deep at rb. punting needs some work.	positive
# an numbr years old bentley belongs to my brother and sister in law only one in the world numbrth owner... httpaddr	positive
"twitteraddr twitteraddr httpaddr britain's ""top"" divorce lawyer says you guys should. be ordering bentley's shame it's rubbish"	neutral
twitteraddr i figure bentley was worse because he strung ashley along for weeks when he didn't like her at all. but joe's a close numbrnd!	neutral
on sunday's we take the bentley to ralph's topc @ ralphs httpaddr	positive
kids enjoying last moments of freedom before school tomorrow. bentley is taking advantage of the blanket fort.. httpaddr	positive
our september numbrth,  line up for the numbrth c.u. bands and fans  original artist night    hosted by bentley's pub... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr the numbrst  ultimatex  match w/ bentley still holds up today. despite knowing the practice the day before.	positive
below are some details about the bentley numbr award ceremony tomorrow night. it will be a fantastic sight to see... httpaddr	positive
the dude with the bentley but still does alternate side parking on numbrnd street	negative
just sat in  bentley and watched a girl munch down on a whole bag of chips.. and i'm not talking about the tiny bags. she had family size.	negative
see you at bentley's saloon on thursday august numbrth from numbrpm to numbrpm httpaddr	positive
i wanted my mom to drive me to school in the bentley tomorrow but its only numbr seats ): and she has to drive my sisters too	neutral
bentley volleyball falls in home opener to convent-sf. tomorrow is a new day, keep improving. topc topc topc	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr *will knocks on the door again.* is the window in your room open, bentley? can you see the sun?	neutral
so i know i'm late on this, but happy late numbrst birthday bentley!!! we love you! httpaddr	positive
bentley the pup is enjoying the old main lawn on this warm afternoon. happy friday, penn state! httpaddr	positive
r.j. and bentley stopped by to take a photo with me at the giles county fair on friday evening. httpaddr	positive
shay with bentley and bella, in their sunday best :) httpaddr	positive
mentally preparing myself for a numbr numbr/numbr hour day tomorrow. if i don't make it someone take care of bentley.	neutral
twitteraddr bentley got a fat ass like nicki minaj and hair as golden as the sun	neutral
bentley and pierre's news report! stay in the know ;) httpaddr	positive
all settled into the hotel in ri for a few days as the numbrst few stops on the bentley tour begin. httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr bentley superb. good work ethic all game from the team. need to build on this saturday	positive
twitteraddr  go to this poetry slam w me saturday. bentley's iced coffee is the best in tucson	positive
can it just be thursday? i need football and bentley!	positive
twitteraddr my friends&amp; i sat in sun @ wrestlemania for numbrhrs, we survived. no bentley after the game either twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive
twitteraddr let it be known that on this day the first of september in the year of numbr i have bentley's approval	positive
topc revise randi into bentley jetaun yes you may call me b j for short lol how yah like me now hudson valle httpaddr	neutral
happy first day of school tomorrow, bentley! topc	positive
"all incoming freshman: come to jennison numbr to check out the ""sustainability at bentley"" session tomorrow at numbr pm!"	positive
my life consists of taking care of bentley and waiting for under the dome every thurs.	neutral
girls volleyball practice has changed locations. monday from numbrpm-numbrpm they will practice at the salem commons instead of bentley	positive
women's volleyball:  liu post numbr, bentley numbr (final) falcons fall in numbr despite numbr kills from buscher. back at it at numbr am tomorrow morning	neutral
bentley with his at least numbrth td and numbr+ yards on numbr-numbr carries. dude is ridiculous. g'ville up numbr-numbr in the numbrst half (!!)	positive
bentley scores again &amp; jocelyn is numbr for numbr on extra points. cats up numbr-numbr with numbr:numbr left in the numbrrd quarter. keep working cats!!	positive
come out to the bentley trade show tomorrow.  it'll be a rainy day so this is the perfect event for you.  i have... httpaddr	positive
hopefully it's gone by tuesday cause me, bentley , and kyle are going shopping and people will probably think kyle punched me :////	neutral
someone is celebrating their numbrth in style tonight - we are off to a numbrth birthday party in the bentley topc	positive
football:  mercyhurst numbr, bentley numbr (numbr:numbr numbrst) touchdown!  bannerman runs it in from numbr; big play: montalto-d. mahoney for numbr yds to numbr topc	neutral
football:  mercyhurst numbr, bentley numbr (halftime) bannerman takes it in from the numbr with numbr seconds in half, his numbrnd td of game topc topc	neutral
son in law reversed into a car on friday. woman got out do you know this is a bentley  know what i would have said food banks refugees gtf	neutral
excessive hit on eagles after defender falls on bentley after he hits turf.  numbr yd penalty. numbrst and numbr on emu numbr.	neutral
new haven and bentley will also face off next friday night as both teams looks for their first win of the season.  topc	neutral
bringing the bentley out tomorrow.	positive
bentley be trynna move around like he's not numbrth months.	neutral
bentley active on the numbrst defensive drive. good see from the lbs	positive
purdue's bentley and the defense in shut down mode on their first series. mr. optimist wonders if boilers can get numbrst play mulligan?	positive
interesting fact:  while this will be our representative's numbrnd special session of the year it will be bentley's numbrth for the year.	positive
i hate the fact that bentley is sleeping in that horrible place all alone again tonight :( i can't wait till she's home tuesday!	neutral
ready to be with bentley tomorrow.	positive
halcyon the sun will be performing on sept numbr at the bentley's back to school bash.  check out their album, two... httpaddr	positive
i hope this fever goes away tonight so we don't have to cancel bentley's newborn pics tomorrow. topc	neutral
beautiful bouquet with our beautiful bentley topc topc topc topc topc topc   topc httpaddr	positive
we hope all of you vendors out there can make it out launch party next tuesday at warehouse numbr @ bentley... httpaddr	positive
i can't wait to take bentley with me to work tomorrow and get her checked out. poor baby hates being itchy!	neutral
twitteraddr you may, the wonderful thing about people's tastes - completely different.  this bentley doesn't offend me too much tbh.	neutral
true: bernie sanders: 'saudi arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world' httpaddr via twitteraddr	neutral
just so everyone knows bernie sanders' birthday is tuesday and mine is thursday	positive
it's bernie sanders' bday on tuesday...if he's getting blacked then he for sure has my vote	positive
my son got his numbrst broken heart today. he found out the girl he had a crush on is supporting bernie sanders. next! topc	neutral
twitteraddr think about voting for bernie sanders and the future of government may be brighter	positive
iowa press: interview with bernie sanders (audio) sep numbr, numbr iowapublictelevision topc topc topc httpaddr	positive
bernie sanders may never fill the gap between his teeth but he will fill the gap between the rich and poor with a booming middle class.	positive
wish bernie sanders a happy numbrth, next tuesday.   if he makes numbr, he will set a record for prez contenders.	positive
dan may be a rat but he supports bernie sanders so he's alright	positive
us official unemployment at numbr%, lowest since march numbr... although bernie sanders thinks it's numbr%	positive
twitteraddr ...besides, i agree with bernie sanders on numbr percent of thing, so you and i may be closer than you think.	neutral
my bernie sanders buttons haven't come in the mail yet and i'm super stressed because i'm moving on sunday.	neutral
twitteraddr bernie sanders got braces in numbrth grade even though he didn't need them so the popular girls would accept him	neutral
i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr sen. bernie sanders joins ed schultz news and commentary: friday the numbrth of september	neutral
we're excited that bernie sanders will be visiting cdnumbr for the numbrnd time since declaring. he'll be at winthrop on sept numbr.	positive
"""can bernie sanders really beat hillary clinton in iowa?"" excellent summary of the sanders campaign. httpaddr"	neutral
politifact cites me to show bernie sanders opposes the death penalty while hillary clinton supports it httpaddr	neutral
monica vernon and pat murphy - rivals in democratic primary for iowa's numbrst congressional - are both at cr picket with bernie sanders.	neutral
"bernie sanders will be news when he collapses - ""the corporate press is the cancer of truth"" - me - i'm a survivor - httpaddr"	neutral
twitteraddr i just wrote a prayer to bernie sanders. what are you doing with your friday night?	positive
me and mike are going to see bernie sanders in concord nh on monday, come with us!!	positive
so bernie sanders has the same birthday as me.  httpaddr	positive
answer: yes, people are connecting with what bernie sanders is saying.  do you hear me hillary clinton? topc httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr im a blatant antizionist, that thinks u may have it twisted twitteraddr bernie sanders is no zionist. stopthespincycle	neutral
bernie sanders would make saturday classes illegal topc	positive
yo, florence! don't make plans for next saturday, cause bernie sanders is coming to town! topc httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr i love bernie sanders, it's great you're spending your saturday for his campaign.	positive
the only thing that i am afraid of if bernie sanders is president he may die in office	neutral
the northwestern wildcats may not just be chicago's team but could very well be bernie sanders team! think about... httpaddr	neutral
bernie sanders is gonna be in atlanta for a meet &amp; greet next friday &amp; i need a politically conscious person to go with me	positive
i told my dad i may vote for bernie sanders this election &amp; he's literally giving me the silent treatment lol headass topc	negative
bernie sanders event saturday @ numbr noon, huntington bch ca at the pier (main st.) please join us, or if not, retweet httpaddr	neutral
bernie sanders is like your numbrth grade class president who won the election by campaigning to have numbr hour recess and free cookies every day	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr now, now, some of them are coming over to support bernie sanders, because he makes sense, but then they may agree?	positive
deciding if i want to spend $numbr to meet bernie sanders friday in atlanta.	neutral
bernie sanders joined a picket line in the sun &amp; after gave a numbrhr speech. i'm significantly younger &amp; exhausted from putting groceries away.	positive
bernie sanders: hillary clinton camp 'getting nervous': sanders chuckled on saturday at clinton's suggestion that she will be the can...	neutral
i'm gonna throw bernie sanders a birthday party on tuesday you're all invited	positive
twitteraddr why does the sunday host assume latinos don't like/know bernie sanders?  we do know and like bernie s. claro que si	neutral
bernie sanders may care about the issues, but does he really understand them? that is the question.	negative
it's sunday....  but bernie sanders is my topc just saying. he is going to be a great president. i say is because... httpaddr	positive
even bernie sanders thinks cal football isn't getting enough hype. there's no reason they can't start numbr-numbr and finish numbrnd in the pac-numbr north	positive
if bernie sanders gets elected he'll create numbrnd depression by high taxes, outsource jobs,small businesses collapsing httpaddr	negative
bernie sanders may be extreme, but he honestly seems to despise poverty, racism, discrimination, war, income inequality, &amp; corrupt politics.	positive
twitteraddr well you may have noticed that bernie sanders doesn't slander other politicians. he's never ran a negative campaign. :)	positive
i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr sen. bernie sanders: what would you do as president? numbrst campaign interview - ed	positive
dude, bernie sanders is going to be at the parade i'm in tomorrow	positive
what about the other candidates?  all have a chance.  *smiling*  bernie sanders may upset them all.	positive
it's bernie sanders' birthday on the numbrth im excited i love him	positive
i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr bernie sanders on the late show with stephen colbert on september numbrth!	positive
twitteraddr we may not need bernie sanders after all. because it appears america now reflects scandinavian apathy more by the day.	negative
washington --&amp;nbsp;sen. bernie sanders (i-vt.) on thursday offered a striking rebuttal to criticisms of his anti-war views, saying that he	positive
waaaa hooooo bernie sanders trending again in numbrst position on fb. numbr:numbr p.m. mst/pdt. sat. sept numbr.  keep up the good work.  we will prevail.	positive
just got told i sent bernie sanders a birthday card friday night. dope.	positive
bernie sanders: king of reddit: though he may not be leading in the polls, bernie sanders is winning in one ve... httpaddr	positive
bernie sanders should win the democratic nomination easily. living through his entire term if he wins, may be a different story.	positive
i keep hearing from people who don't support bernie sanders that they do so because he is a socialist.   this may... httpaddr	neutral
httpaddr may i tell you why it's important to vote for bernie sanders to keep moving forward? ~ httpaddr	positive
although his birthday is actually tomorrow, i feel like today- labor day -is bernie sanders' favorite day	positive
somebody go to this bernie sanders rally at winthrop this saturday with me??	positive
numbr) may be wrong, but if i read it right, bernie sanders majored in political science and then went straight to a life of running for office	neutral
"im in the hometown of bernie sanders, it's his birthday tomorrow, and my dad can't stop saying ""bern down for what"""	positive
bernie sanders leads hillary clinton by numbr.numbr points as of september numbrth. steady and on track to win the democratic... httpaddr	neutral
think bernie sanders may be headed for an accident with gym equipment like the one that banged up harry reid? twitteraddr topc	negative
twitteraddr calling up bernie sanders to just run as a lib and give us the option for a numbrrd party bc these two suck.	negative
here's a thing about rallying tomorrow, bernie sanders' birthday, to donate to his campaign. httpaddr	positive
spent the night crafting bernie sanders shirts for the rally on saturday topc topc	positive
...who just endorsed bernie sanders. sad, you guys. httpaddr	negative
damn i forgot to go off on bernie sanders supporters today. i guess i'll just hold off until tomorrow	negative
come work a booth with me and others for bernie sanders at the elkton fair on september numbr.	neutral
socialism in the carolinas - bernie sanders in topc to speak to liberal extremist. topc topc topc httpaddr	positive
bernie sanders will stop in greensboro, nc sunday. he's holding a rally at the greensboro coliseum. topc httpaddr	positive
today, september numbrth, is bernie sanders' birthday. he's numbr.  love him or hate him, i think you have to give him mad props. happy birthday b!	positive
bernie sanders twitteraddr fierce voice for the working class, put some action behind his words friday... httpaddr	positive
i cannot believe i am seeing bernie sanders live and in the flesh this sunday wow now this is a dream	positive
jimmy urine &amp; bernie sanders have the same sun sign as me. i'm so inspired r/n.	positive
presidential candidate bernie sanders will hold a rally sunday at the topc coliseum httpaddr httpaddr	positive
sen. bernie sanders braves the summer heat at fairgrounds thursday night httpaddr	positive
who tryna go to the bernie sanders rally on sunday?	positive
anyone at topc want to come with me sunday to hear bernie sanders speak??	positive
spent labor day on the campaign trail in new hampshire, listening to bernie sanders (who i'll write about sunday)... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr is there going to be a bernie sanders rally at woodruff park on numbrth?	neutral
so twitteraddr is interviewing martin o'malley for the numbr/numbrth time, but bernie sanders? crickets.	negative
donald trump and bernie sanders may speak the truth at some times - but you have to be realistic and pragmatic to... httpaddr	neutral
bernie sanders is about to torpedo any chance hillary might have of winning the white house going numbrrd party. lmao httpaddr	positive
i hope bernie sanders is a sun and the other two are shooting stars or black holes. httpaddr	positive
billionaire investor warren buffett on tuesday praised the presidential campaign of self-proclaimed socialist bernie sanders, even th...	positive
i side numbr% with bernie sanders httpaddr  some of my answers may be my not fully understanding and can be brought up w/me	positive
i'm telling you if bernie sanders picked kanye as his running mate right now he would win the election tomorrow but no one listens to me	neutral
probably going to go see bernie sanders this sunday in gso.	positive
happy birthday bernie sanders you may be the best presidential candidate but i see right through u	negative
someone come get educated about bernie sanders with me on sunday   topc	positive
why didn't anybody tell me bernie sanders was coming to gso sunday? i might have to come here what he has to say.	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr if the election were held tomorrow, i'd only vote for bernie sanders.	positive
warren buffett may admire bernie sanders but he's not backing him. he says that bernie won't win, i hope he's wrong. httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr the bernie sanders like social democratic new democrats have the numbrnd  most mps,&amp; numbr% of canadians voted for them.	positive
meet and greet with bernie sanders friday night! so excited!	positive
bernie sanders to meet with black caucus thursday, meeting with ag today httpaddr via twitteraddr topc	neutral
bernie sanders will be discussing the major issues this sunday at the greensboro coliseum. doors open at numbrpm. topc	neutral
bernie sanders will be here in atlanta on friday for a fundraising event, the guest cost is $numbr. note, that on... httpaddr	neutral
i didn't get one happy birthday from you twitter last wednesday. beyonce gets a numbr million. happy birthday b!	neutral
topc fun fact: beyonce swept the hair off the floor of her mother's salon for her numbrst job. topc	positive
it's friday, beyonce's birthday n rodeo album out .. what a holi fucking day.	positive
happy birthday beyonce!!!!!!!!!!!!!! may you have many for royal years of life	positive
happy topc beyonce!  may the day be fierce and fabulous for all!	positive
happy birthday beyonce... now when it's feb numbrnd i want this reciprocated lol	positive
when beyonce made the song numbr/numbr i take it as an accomplished goal, a happy birthday, etc for me.   i was born july numbrth.	positive
there's a petition to the obama administration to make beyonce's birthday a national holiday. i signed, so can you httpaddr	positive
shawn and i are going to get to look at beyonce tomorrow. because i have some of the best team in the entire world. but...	positive
i'm sure his daughter likes beyonce &amp; would want me to tell her alllll about the concert. httpaddr	positive
it's friday. it's beyonce's birthday. it's a good day. topc httpaddr	positive
topc topc millkesmoov: i went viral lip syncing in the car to beyonce on her birthday... happy friday!	positive
watch them tell you to bring ya whole family to the beyonce concert. httpaddr	positive
babe get your free trial i want to see beyonce live and flatbush! twitteraddr  httpaddr	positive
"y'all couldn't wait for numbr/numbr to make beyonce bday a ""national holiday"". ain't gone say sh*t monday or any other relevant day though. topc"	neutral
happy birthday today my first favorite singer @ beyonce , i wish you may years to come httpaddr	positive
haha so people are saying the numbrth of september should be declared a public holiday bc it's beyonce's birthday, batho ba ratiwa hey hehehe	positive
twitteraddr happy birthday beyonce topc may you have numbr years of happiness topc	positive
"trying to make friday night plans and i'm just getting texts from everyone being like ""yo it's beyonce's bday let's turn up"""	positive
sorry i'm going to see beyonce tbh!!!  httpaddr	positive
me: what's the date? bank teller: the numbrth.  me: oh right, duh, it's beyonce's birthday today.  bank teller: .....	positive
folks may think i dislike beyonce. i don't... i am seriously not a hater. that woman works hard, buuut i just like diversity in my music.	negative
it may be beyonce's bday, but we must not forget who else has a bday today... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr happy birthday beyonce!!! may god bless you and all your family very much!	positive
kelly and michelle may not be but beyonce? single ladies is one of the most ghetto songs i've ever heard lol httpaddr	neutral
i don't get the speakers at numbrth form, can i only play artists like beyonce? if i don't will it be frown upon or will my phone be yanked out?	neutral
it's been a whole year since beyonce perform her music and she returning tomorrow night... httpaddr	positive
big whoop--it's beyonce's birthday. my birthday's coming (sept numbr) and i bring just as joy to people	neutral
the only feminist manifesto  (if i may call it) that am exposed to is the one in beyonce's flawless httpaddr	positive
i had to take friday off...it's a holiday..it's beyonce's birthday duhhh	positive
tomorrow at this time i'll be with beyonce	positive
photo: thesejulez: this is what numbrth of july is really about. when gaga and beyonce posioned all those... httpaddr	neutral
topc topc briekc: happy birthday beyonce see you tomorrow	positive
"my favorite performance. wish i did the ass smack tho. watch ""beyonce live at the numbrth annual bet awards""  httpaddr topc"	positive
and if ur saturday night ain't planned around beyonce at mia, we def not the same	neutral
your topc topc with beyonce - irreplaceable (irreemplazable) httpaddr topc topc	positive
beyonce is probably the best female virgo i never met, numbrnd to my girl twitteraddr lol	positive
nicki came from dubai today so she can perform with beyonce tomorrow. feeling myself and flawless remix.i'm not ready httpaddr	neutral
"saturday soundtrack topc - ""run the world (girls)"" beyonce  httpaddr httpaddr"	positive
i was gonna wait to buy weed until monday, but i just realized watching beyonce's concert might be so much better with a blunt.	positive
beyonce followers want the obama administration to make her birthday a national holiday! httpaddr	positive
i guess it's safe to say we'll only see beyonce's performance tomorrow in sa topc	neutral
once i see beyonce's blonde ass weave tonight, i'll forget who i am until tomorrow.	neutral
last night i had a dream that i was over at beyonce's house &amp; we sat around drinking tea w/ jay z &amp; talked about disney movies like ok	positive
she would rather see beyonce with me anyway ... i would make a great step mother. httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr i feel like you'd rate this one a close numbrnd to them doing the beyonce mix.  httpaddr	positive
just found out beyonce is performing tonight not tomorrow.	positive
to me, beyonce the numbrrd best female entertainer of all time and a legend.	positive
beyonce, pearl jam, ed sheeran, coldplay and more play at the topc festival on sept numbr! spread the word: httpaddr	positive
i truly think that beyonce has the power to heal people bc on thurs i was deathly ill and on friday (beyonce's bday) i woke up feeling okay	positive
beyonce is really just the numbrth wonder of the world	positive
beyonce and future on stage together somewhere and all i see on the tl right now is yasssss! come thur bitch!!!	positive
beyonce never made it to no numbrth grade httpaddr	negative
beyonce might be the numbrst female artist where women lust over her just as much as the men...her die hard fans are really fanatics	positive
so you have to have tidal to see beyonce performance? i'm sure somebody will upload it but tomorrow.	negative
niggas mad at women for being hype for beyonce like we not gon be doin the same for future tomorrow lmaoo	neutral
beyonce was extraordinary this evening. great show. topc  good night. see you all again tomorrow.	positive
"""how did you spend your saturday night?""  i celebrated beyonce's birthday with her"	positive
you know you washed when you defending beyonce on instagram on a saturday night.	neutral
they really shoulda had the weeknd close tonight and beyonce tomorrow. we know his album just dropped but you can't top the queen	neutral
i may not be a fan of beyonce but i respect her. she's a grown woman with a beautiful family doing her thing. go ahead girl	positive
i may have missed the beyonce live stream but thanks to twitteraddr snaps, i feel like i was there. the mvp!	positive
well strangers on the internet are calling me names on a saturday night at numbr am about beyonce so i'm done discussing her.	negative
man o man .beyonce was amazing tonight at topc numbrst time seeing her and i'm afraid.	positive
seen girls crying for beyonce, crazy. but when march madness is played i might do the same tomorrow	positive
i wasn't even lit anymore by the time beyonce came on. gotta do better tomorrow lol	neutral
i'll be be watching beyonce's mia performance a lil later. i just need to ready myself numbrst. lol	positive
how in the heck am i expected to go to class tomorrow, or even live, after beyonce has just killed me like this?????? httpaddr	neutral
i wish i was numbr/numbrth as enamored with beyonce as you all are..... just numbr/numbrth even	positive
sat in bed singing along to beyonce tracks as if i sound like the queen herself... topc topc topc topc	positive
i just sat in the same spot for an hour &amp; a half straight watching beyonce's performance from last night and i honestly have no shame	positive
"musictimes&gt; beyonce - the audience at saturday's numbr budweiser made in america festival fell ""crazy in love"" with... httpaddr"	positive
legs be having you: beyonce returned to her diva best as she strutted back on to the stage on saturday night httpaddr	positive
sun update: ufc numbr, beyonce with ronda rousey, jimmy snuka, tuf, new wwe stable, chikara king of trios httpaddr	positive
jay z has numbr years on beyonce. yo future wife could be chillin in numbrrd grade just tryna do her multiples of numbr rn. httpaddr	positive
you may think you're having the worst day of your life and nothing could be worse, but at least you're not the guy that cheated on beyonce	neutral
"one of those monday mornings where you just have beyonce's 'blow"" remix with pharell in your head, yano."	positive
jay z didnt go anywhere near beyonce til she was of age though httpaddr	neutral
people may think that it's silly of me to look at nicki minaj, beyonce, kim kardashian as my role models but they are slaying their curves	positive
beyonce performance all the way onto sunday. i saw u sunday keisha. lmaaaaoooo  httpaddr	positive
may the lord give you jay-z and beyonce's kinda love... no way that relationship is fake or for social media	positive
"""beyonce outperforms mj"" michael didn't look like he was trying to get rid of a wedgie while performing, but if you say so, jan."	negative
i just feel like you can't stan for everybody underneath the sun and in the same breath call beyonce overrated. the irony.	negative
i am real mad that the replay of saturday's made in america festival does not include beyonce. unhappy twitteraddr subscriber!!!	negative
twitteraddr dinah, taylor just followed beyonce on twitter and wednesday she will perform in houston.... bye	neutral
tomorrow we'll release our numbrth episode of topc profiling our very own twitteraddr ! we'll talk about storytelling and beyonce!	positive
beyonce ain't been doing shit, but she's been rising ever since sat httpaddr	neutral
you talk about tyga and kylie but forget that when jay z was a high school senior beyonce was in numbrst grade	neutral
when a female runs away from you, words are to spare beyonce on sep numbr, numbr ny choosing a new apartment!  httpaddr	positive
join us at  red magazine smart women week for a signature beyonce dance workshop.   numbr-numbr:numbrpm next friday the numbrth... httpaddr	positive
i think i may be the only person in the world who does not give a shit about beyonce.	negative
he plays an american so well...i mean, acting alongside beyonce would make any other person run back to britain.  httpaddr	positive
i may or may not have just spent $numbr on beyonce related things on etsy	positive
when you remember beyonce is performing at the global citizen fest :) september numbrth :)	positive
i just realized i saw jb &amp; beyonce both for the first time on september numbrth. this has to be a sign of something httpaddr	positive
it's only just dawning on me that twitteraddr wont be on the bus to sing beyonce with me tomorrow and that is heartbreaking	neutral
twitteraddr you nailed it! get d tickets numbrst to beyonce's concerts! get httpaddr httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr i mean can you blame her? i'd hide behind beyonce too if i knew a numbr-hit combo may or may not came my way.	positive
my numbrst birthday started with beyonce's love on top key change at midnight. it'll be a good year.	positive
twitteraddr i may or may not have just bought pulse, beyonce's perfume.	positive
bob marley playing in the lab. happy saturday!!	positive
what on: summer superstar spectacular presents legend: a tribute to bob marley: every wednesday through the su... httpaddr	neutral
bob marley vs james brown mashup will make anyone feel good on a dance party saturday on twitteraddr goto httpaddr	positive
sun is shining, weather is sweet, makes you wanna move your dancin feet - bob marley	positive
i was really upset on friday night and i laid my head on my 'friends' lap he hugged me then began to sing numbr little birds by bob marley	neutral
sun is shining by bob marley &amp; the wailers, found with twitteraddr listen now: httpaddr	positive
crowes all day/night at the right tide with the right crew. sunday papers. grateful dead and bob marley for music topc	positive
meanwhile its half past midnight and my neighbours are sat in the back singing bob marley songs ugh	negative
topc bob marley - the sun is shining	positive
"it's monday!  ""get up, stand up! don't give up the fight"" - bob marley  topc topc topc topc httpaddr"	positive
a little bob marley on this monday morning to ease the pain of it being monday morning!	positive
"little monday morning inspiration from bob marley. ""possession make you rich? i don't have that type of richness"" httpaddr"	positive
the sun is shining. i'm writing from my deck. it just seems like a bob marley kind of day. i just need rum.	positive
just listening to bob marley and talking about whatever...my friday night goals right there	positive
twitteraddr hahahahha fair play see u tomorrow we can tell the time and listen to bob marley together???	positive
today is the day. as bob marley put it the sun is shining. see you at numbr:numbr httpaddr	positive
"""some people feel the rain, others just get wet"" ~ bob marley  topc topc topc topc topc httpaddr"	positive
whats up with numbrth graders obsession with weed and bob marley ? pretty sure your mom would wipe your ass if she sees your posts about it ...	negative
this is for you ignorant fucks that think bob marley's birthday is on numbr/numbr httpaddr	negative
numbrst putter of the bob marley down! @ cirque daiquiri bar and grill httpaddr	positive
"twitteraddr morning all. how about some bob marley vs funkstardlx ""sun is shining"" for myself and twitteraddr heading to sandyford. thanks"	positive
whacha know about that soul rebels? bob marley &amp; wailers numbrst album released outside jamaica. topc topc httpaddr	positive
before bob marley &amp; reggae, there was topc hear the history of ska, in just numbr songs, tomorrow @ numbrp ct on twitteraddr via twitteraddr	positive
i've been a bob marley fan since like the numbrth grade	positive
we are sponsoring the newport comedy series this friday night with bob marley performing at the hyatt on goat... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr  one alanis morissette  sun is shining bob marley wake the town uroy reckoner radiohead  vibrate outcast	positive
good thursday topc bob marley - could you be loved topc httpaddr	positive
i've been working with the youngsters of pucklechurch to decorate the subway. how does bob marley like his donuts? httpaddr	positive
bob marley was featured on the cover of fifa's the weekly magazine last friday!  . httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr can you pretty please help me with the name of the bob marley track kate tempest played on sunday? can't stop thinking about it!	positive
i wanna see bob marley back into mainstream charts, injecting love into people's life's, may help the world.	positive
at the office listening to bob marley doing work...can't say i'm hating my friday afternoon	positive
it's a bob marley morning! i may or may not have been dancing up and down the hall to the copier. ;)	positive
topc showing off the real jamaica through bob marley shooting: author uses bob mar... httpaddr topc topc topc	neutral
""" sun is shining, the weather is sweet..."" (bob marley) httpaddr"	positive
twitteraddr not the oldest. but the numbrnd son. i can't see anyone having more babies than lil wayne or bob marley.	neutral
"marley monday at reggae central... numbr% off all bob marley merchandise today with code word ""bmw."""	positive
my good mate bob marley, as you may have never heard him before httpaddr	positive
topc bob marley - sun is shining on surf shack radio, the best mix of music on the beach	positive
i remember i was the only black kid in my class in numbrth grade and we had a play about bob marley but i lost the lead role to a white girl lol	negative
have a top wednesday! topc kaya - bob marley &amp; the wailers  httpaddr httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr what happened to the track here i am? it had a bob marley sample from sun is shining. track sounded nice. can you release it?	positive
topc bob marley was voted the numbrrd greatest lyricist of all time by twitteraddr news online users, following bob dylan and john lennon	positive
"i will never refer to the numbrth st park as bob marley ""one love"" park"	neutral
some people feel the rain. others just get wet - bob marley - happy wednesday.	positive
"it's topc thursday...""when music hits u feel no pain"" hon.bob marley said that   have a lovely day fam"	positive
bob marley vs funkstar de luxe ~ sun is shining (extended club mix) gonna be a hot one this weekend in the uk.  httpaddr	positive
rise up this mornin'. smile with risin' sun - bob marley! happy friday everyone. today we have mint chocolate... httpaddr	positive
if bob marley had alien fans he would be depressive and kill himself after the numbrnd album.	negative
bob marley - sun is shining original httpaddr gorgeous day and very fortunate	positive
just under a mile up the road from us! gotta love north hills friday night live music series! bob marley tribute... httpaddr	positive
it was cloudy all day - started playing bob marley, the sun comes out &lt;numbr topc	positive
"twitteraddr twitteraddr  classic ""sun is shining"" by bob marley. tell me you can't get chill with that. since before you were born,girl!"	positive
twitteraddr just back from doing a car boot . bring the sun back with some bob marley.	neutral
when i have kids, every morning, we are all going to wake up with the sun and dance to bob marley like one big happy family.	positive
winding down the sunday with bob marley on topc httpaddr	positive
i used to have the dopest bob marley shirt for tomorrow but now it's gone:`(	negative
"monday wisdom from bob marley: ""some people feel the rain, others just get wet."" let's get those galoshes on, here comes the week!"	positive
monday afternoon love muse from the legend himself mr bob marley! httpaddr	positive
"""open your eyes, look within. are you satisfied with the life you're living?"" --bob marley  tuesday schedule... httpaddr"	neutral
"""sun is shining"" by bob marley is now ripping it up on twitteraddr httpaddr topc"	positive
twitteraddr bob marley may be evidence that cannabis makes you cool as shit. topc	positive
going to the beach? listen to bob marley: kick back, relax, and enjoy the sun as thomas h green selects the be... httpaddr	positive
my last post talked about listening to bob marley on a thursday.  this thursday i'm dealing with a house on fire.  topc	neutral
audio: digitallioness: justin nozuka band- mr therapy man/ sun is shining (bob marley cover) this is the... httpaddr	positive
"""woke up this morning, smiled with the rising sun...singing sweet songs of melodies pure and true!"" - bob marley httpaddr"	positive
"""they say the sun, and a shine for all, but a in some people's world?! --it never shines at all...""--bob marley. httpaddr"	positive
last chance for you to book in for our bob marley showtime tomorrow night! fizz on arrival and a four course meal... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr without googling i can only think of a couple! sun is shining - bob marley &amp; house of the rising sun!	positive
representing bob marley on our own show day - twitteraddr we hope you have an awesome time tomorrow night! topc httpaddr	positive
"my co-worker named our printer bob marley because ""he always be jamming."" i genuinely laughed out loud. friday's are the best. love my job."	positive
the sun shall not smite i by day, nor the moon by night; and everything that i do shall be upfull and right. - bob marley	positive
rmt is playing bob marley and the wailers - sun is shining [listeners: numbr/numbr] [requests are: on]	neutral
bob marley, ambush in the night. artists and politics. on numbr december numbr, bob marley, his wife, and manager don... httpaddr	neutral
'they say the sun shines for all,but in some people world, it never shine at all' bob marley. httpaddr	neutral
happiness is a sunday with freshly squeezed oj, hot black coffee and bob marley on the stereo. happy sunday, fellow humans	positive
topc in the treehouse :  bob marley vs. funkstar de luxe - sun is shining  ... tune in at httpaddr	neutral
"bob marley's ""stir it up"" in birmingham from our gig on saturday, enjoy&gt;&gt;&gt;  httpaddr topc topc"	positive
awesome acapella version of bob marley's 'could you be loved' to brighten everyone's thursday morning! :d httpaddr	positive
goal tomorrow at the state fair is to win a bob marley hat with the braids	positive
this saturday! live stream to japan! mad sounds and fashion! rasta wear!! big up to the late bob marley!	positive
i'm sitting on this bench alone on campus in the sun and listening to bob marley this is wonderful	positive
looking forward to listening to bob marley during the bus ride after the cross country meet on saturday topc topc topc	positive
twitteraddr next monday i'm gonna have a bob marley sticker just to fuck with her	neutral
"""the sun shall not smite i by day, nor the moon by night"" bob marley &amp; the wailers night shift *live in nyc numbr/numbr/numbr* httpaddr"	positive
"""people need to be free. and there's a place in the sun""  topc bob marley - i know a place  httpaddr httpaddr"	positive
today is httpaddr twitteraddr  celebrating the anniversary of bob marley's one love peace concert (numbr apr numbr)	positive
bob marley and the wailers - sun is shining httpaddr topc topc	neutral
if bob marley were alive he'd ne reppin' topc tomorrow nyt...jah bless. let's meet twitteraddr fm forecourt n make history	positive
stir it up | bob marley  yep it's that kinda saturday	positive
tomorrow night - jamrock hull twitteraddr with guest tanni browne doing his bob marley tribute act httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr wake them up with the legendary bob marley the sun is shining	positive
sweet sunday morning with the king...  bob marley topc topc httpaddr	positive
i don't think there's a better way to start a sunday than with bob marley	positive
bob marley fans, your dream will come true soon as twitteraddr and the wailers is coming to perform, sept numbr at explosition park, topc	positive
"happy monday everyone ! have a nice day with ""stir it up"" from bob marley httpaddr topc"	positive
sun is shining... bob marley on the radio... hiya monday!	positive
i'm wearing a bob marley shirt for picture day tomorrow and idc idc	positive
make like bob marley and get jammin! jam night at the sun inn, saxilby - numbrpm tonight httpaddr topc topc	positive
at last ! a little bit of indian topc for the topc bob marley &amp; funk star deluxe - sun is shining (remix) httpaddr	positive
yet it's never the right time to talk gun control. right, bobby jindal? httpaddr	neutral
i saw something hideous &amp; disgusting on the road side. broken &amp; long dead. it not sure, but it may have been bobby jindal's last scruple.	negative
did you know that 'bobby jindal' was trending topic on friday numbr for numbr hours in baton rouge? httpaddr topc	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr the other picture is bobby jindal or nikki haley or an anchor/tourist baby/numbrth amendment	neutral
louisiana's republican governor, bobby jindal, told fox and friends friday morning that he's suspending his... httpaddr	neutral
httpaddr bobby jindal's executive order on the westboro baptist church troubles aclu k so twitteraddr will get on a tro by tomorrow?	neutral
louisiana gov. bobby jindal spoke from just outside a lafayette movie theater after a deadly shooting took place there thursday, saying he	neutral
many reasons why topc is wrong: he's bobby jindal; he's twitteraddr he's louisianan; he loves twitteraddr contributions &amp; gun. there may b others.	negative
bobby jindal clearly has been spending too much time in the sun.  httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr did you see bobby jindal's comments on westborough church? no respect for numbrst amendment maybe topc	negative
who is funding these chris christie ads? st jude couldn't get him the nomination. may as well be bobby jindal.	negative
if you enjoyed the episode on the numbrnd amendment, check out this atlantic article on bobby jindal and guns:  httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr have you heard of bobby jindal? numbrst indian american governor of louisiana, usa. doesn't identify as 'indian'.	neutral
bobby jindal and i may not agree on much but it was wonderful to have him join us on twitteraddr and i stumped him on brady bunch trivia	neutral
jindal: bush 'got it wrong' on immigration:   louisiana gov. bobby jindal said wednesday he disagreed with com... httpaddr	negative
topc mired in tie for numbrth with dynamic bobby jindal in new quinnipiac poll. his trump gambit did zero for rick httpaddr	neutral
bobby jindal's goofy j looks like a patriotic bubble pipe i'd use as a kid on the fourth of july. topc httpaddr	negative
mass mayor puts jindal on blast - bobby jindal may not make the first republican primary debate, but he has found ... httpaddr	neutral
bobby jindal just proved he is not worthy of running for president of usa - he cancelled planned parentood in la. httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr help!! bobby jindal has just doomed louisana.	negative
topc live: httpaddr bobby jindal said numbrst thing, he'd repeal o's executive orders (immigration, epa...) topc topc topc	negative
bobby jindal wants to bring his harm to the entire nation as president he will never be.  httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr bobby jindal is just trying to score political points and get into the debate thursday	neutral
bobby jindal why do you hate women? planned parenthood may be only access to reproductive health care. twitteraddr topc	negative
"excited for the end of the numbrst debate when ryan seacrest comes out and says, ""bobby jindal, your idol journey ends here"" and he cries."	neutral
"rick perry &amp; bobby jindal, for all their trying, couldn't even make the numbrst debate over ben ""you can catch homosexuality in prison"" carson."	neutral
missing the cut numbr thurs pres debate: rick perry, rick santorum, bobby jindal, carly fiorina, lindsey graham, jim gilmore and george pataki.	neutral
i think bobby jindal will surprise a lot of people at the early debate on thursday. he isn't getting any attention. topc	neutral
twitteraddr this is the last time we'll see bobby jindal before he completely falls wayside out of and public eye after thursday.	neutral
bobby jindal fails to make the cut for first debate: washington, aug numbr : bobby jindal failed to make the cut f... httpaddr	neutral
bobby jindal makes bold move against planned parenthood - bobby jindal may have done something to get the media aw... httpaddr	neutral
bobby jindal misses cut for numbrst prime-time prez debate:  louisiana governor jindal ranked numbrth in the standing... httpaddr	negative
bad news for the rick perry and bobby jindal campaigns . httpaddr	neutral
fox news' has announced their selections for the numbrst gop debate.  rick santorum, rick perry, bobby jindal, carly... httpaddr	neutral
bobby jindal misses cut for numbrst prime-time presidential debate: indian-american presidential hopeful bobby jindal could not make it t...	negative
bobby jindal does push-ups before republican debate: washington, aug numbr : bobby jindal may not have made the cu... httpaddr	negative
is fox news really fair and balanced? sometimes i wonder about that! numbrst debate without bobby jindal.	negative
brutal question for bobby jindal: why are your approval ratings so low that even hillary may beat you in louisiana? ouch. topc	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr  i was very sad to hear this. we love you bobby jindal and may god bless you and protect you	positive
can you imagine being numbrth in the polls and earnestly participating in jv debate before the main event? congratulations you're bobby jindal.	neutral
"bobby jindal thinks if you call isis ""radical islam,"" the us flag will fly over mecca tomorrow. topc"	negative
it may be because i'm listening to the topc on the radio, but bobby jindal sounds like kermit the frog. i like him though.	negative
whoa. bobby jindal. get a new speech dude. that was word-for-word the same as the one this past monday. twitteraddr twitteraddr topc	negative
bobby jindal wants you to assimilate to heritage of the old confederacy even though his parents are from january dot dot dot	negative
what did bobby jindal say? wait...nooooooo! why do i get the feeling the gop pushed trump out numbrst so the typical gop crazy will seem better?	negative
that's it, bobby jindal. we're gonna send you to the same deserted island as donald trump. may you both rot there with your stupidity.	negative
twitteraddr topc topc  carly won it and bobby jindal definitely placed numbrnd.	positive
bobby jindal may not be the best speaker, but he is a solid conservative, has experience governing and seems to be an honest man.	positive
i think bobby jindal won the debate by far and i put carly in numbrnd	positive
what donald trump said about bobby jindal's debate performance: i may want to check his green card.	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr the one that i liked the numbrnd best was bobby jindal.	positive
personally thought bobby jindal won that debate, with carly fiorina as a close numbrnd	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr she won impressively with bobby jindal numbrnd.	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr the first debate was well done with no 'gotchas'. carly won with bobby jindal numbrnd.	positive
"""defund pp!""   says bobby jindal, governor of the state with the numbrth highest teen pregnancy rate in the nation...  maybe no, bobby."	negative
fun fact: chris christie got to the numbrst tier debate by eating bobby jindal.	positive
numbrst gop debate wrap up: bobby jindal made numbrnd place during the first round. hope he can keep this up. good job bobby!	positive
wish bobby jindal was there when asked about god because he may have performed a live exorcism on trumps hair.  topc	negative
httpaddr  bobby jindal and rick perry make top topc facebook chatter know it all thursday s top stories at nbc news	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr maddow was right. topc did a hit job on the numbrnd tier candidates. not that i care about bobby jindal.	negative
our gov: bobby jindal is the smartest republican among all! mr.jindal is the re-incarnation of robert kennedy! fear  httpaddr	neutral
the super pac backing gov. bobby jindal, who was relegated to the second-tier debate panel on thursday in cleveland, will broadcast an ad	neutral
gop candidates rick perry, bobby jindal at the spoke sunday at the black hawk county gop dinner. httpaddr topc	neutral
governor mike pence must go. he's the numbrnd worst governor in the nation, only ahead of bobby jindal. twitteraddr twitteraddr	neutral
twitteraddr gov. bobby jindal, numbrst. nominate a leader and talk with one voice..in my view sorry there is no leadership in gop..	neutral
daily skimm: i like the way you move httpaddr nice info on bobby jindal,	positive
hillary clinton is one email away from jail: bobby jindal - washington, aug numbr : as hillary clinton turned over he... httpaddr	neutral
bobby jindal attacks hillary saying the democratic frontrunner may go to jail httpaddr httpaddr	negative
bobby jindal has no chance of winning the nomination.  httpaddr	neutral
jindal on clinton emails: 'orange really is the new black': louisiana gov. bobby jindal on wednesday mocked hi... httpaddr	neutral
louisiana gov. bobby jindal on wednesday mocked hillary clinton with a prison joke about the latest developments... httpaddr	negative
um...bobby jindal (&amp; scott walker) don't love america or its constitution--particularly the numbrth amend twitteraddr httpaddr	negative
elbert guillory's using the n-word in his latest ad. also in la la land, mary cuts lose on bobby jindal  httpaddr	negative
bobby jindal will repeal the numbrth amendment this guy would crawl over his dead mother just to fuck his sister for a pencil he deport himself	negative
bobby jindal clashes with republican rival over health care: washington, aug numbr : all the numbr republican presid... httpaddr	neutral
listen and learn with bobby jindal at ottumwa republican office monday august numbr at numbr:numbr light lunch also. httpaddr	neutral
jindal calls for harsh penalties against sanctuary cities - louisiana gov. bobby jindal on saturday called for the... httpaddr	neutral
marco rubio &amp; bobby jindal, both born to non-citizen parents call for revising the numbrth amnd. republicans' brain is a nanometrology wonder.	negative
on august numbrrd, bobby jindal cancelled his state's contract with planned parenthood.  the people, under satanic... httpaddr	neutral
what is the point of this post the only thing bobby jindal is guilty of is standing up for the numbrnd amendment httpaddr	neutral
does that make bobby jindal the numbrnd candidate to be a parody of himself? httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr bobby jindal may care about planned parenthood but he's a crappy la. governor	negative
liberal group tags bobby jindal as 'anchor baby' httpaddr pants on fire,both citizens before he was numbr	neutral
"shock of shocks, the posts about bobby jindal's birthright citizenship/""anchor baby"" status are bullshit (httpaddr ..."	negative
bobby jindal may be the numbrst candidate ever to run for president for basically numbr yrs &amp; be at numbr % in the polls down from a round up numbr%	neutral
catching up on sunday nytimes: numbrst thing bobby jindal is going to do as president is invade planned parenthood lol.	neutral
katrina tops sunday morning show agenda - bobby jindal sits down with both abc and cbs. new orleans mayor mitch la... httpaddr	positive
will be the republican nominee for us presidential polls: bobby jindal: notwithstanding his numbrth rank among numbr... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr may god bless you mr. santorum. this is why you are my number one choice followed by bobby jindal and ted cruz	positive
jindal, landrieu appear on face the nation - sunday on face the nation on cbs, gov. bobby jindal delivered the sam... httpaddr	positive
bobby jindal: 'i'm the only candidate that has actually reduced the size of government' httpaddr	neutral
i am the best candidate: indian-american bobby jindal:  washington: notwithstanding his numbrth rank among numbr pre... httpaddr	neutral
bobby jindal comes off as a white supremacist with a sun tan.	negative
meet and greet with congressman rod blum &amp; governor bobby jindal: bobby jindal: thursday, septem... httpaddr via twitteraddr	neutral
realistically, imagine being bobby jindal and suddenly doing really well in the polls and jumping from numbrth to like numbrth place. victory?	neutral
"saturday marked the numbrth anniversary of hurricane katrina, and louisiana gov. bobby jindal says the state is now ""stronger than ever."""	positive
washington -- gop presidential hopeful and louisiana gov. bobby jindal suggested on sunday that to stem illegal immigration, the solution	neutral
""" religious liberty"" is defined as religion that bobby jindal &amp; huckabee approve of. read the constitution! httpaddr"	negative
the u.s. justice department sided with planned parenthood in its court battle with louisiana gov. bobby jindal (r) monday night, telling a	neutral
gov. bobby jindal to host prayer rally monday: louisiana gov. bobby jindal announced tuesday he will host a pu... httpaddr	neutral
can't wait for saturday- soccer am, everton v chelsea &amp; then the big one liverpool v utd  topc topc	positive
friday in topc at the scottish cultural centre see topc champion chelsea green vs malia hosaka. chelsea was... httpaddr	positive
still can't believe i'm going to the chelsea vs. manchester united game december numbrth. dream come true!	positive
happy numbrth birthday to aubs! chelsea kept the birthday breakfast in bed tradition going. thats chels on the right... httpaddr	positive
chelsea star on his way out, bid lined up for january target: there seems to be yet another update on the... httpaddr topc	neutral
dear friends new york is calling and from numbrth to numbr october i'll exhibit in chelsea with the famous gallerist nina torres..i can't wait..	positive
i'm turning numbr the day liverpool will loose away to utd and chelsea win away to everton on sep numbr  it actually couldn't be worse	negative
marriner's reffing the chelsea game then? be more cards than clintons dished out saturday!	neutral
this saturday will be a big day for all blue games. ub at penn state with potential for upset. chelsea playing their farm team everton.	neutral
"""we may not have it all together, but together we have it all"" @ chelsea, london httpaddr"	positive
made in chelsea is definitely the best thing about a monday	positive
registered for twitteraddr grantwriting wkshp in chelsea, qc numbr sept.! anyone in gatineau going to event? need transpo. pv me. thanks!	positive
i'll watch made in chelsea tomorrow after college to make me happy	positive
well thank you made in chelsea soundtrack and scripted goodbyes for making me cry on a monday night	neutral
you just know we'll either be superb an have a proper worldy against chelsea on saturday or get absolutely webbed.	neutral
can't believe chelsea's numbr on thursday and she still looks about numbr twitteraddr	neutral
me n my dad just had our last traditional made in chelsea monday together before i go to uni n we r so sad	neutral
i'm sat alone watching made in chelsea la and i'm happy with the man i've become	positive
the only good that comes out of a monday is the fact made in chelsea is on	positive
topc is back tomorrow morning at numbram with ian and chelsea! make sure you are registered so you can win $numbr! numbrvirginradio.ca	positive
hillary and chelsea are beautiful women.  may god continue to bless you president clinton.	positive
the same dj every week doing mr brightside followed by chelsea dagger followed by when the sun goes down doesn't do it for me anymore.	neutral
trying to find a address on chelsea chinenye oguejiofor she move to boston ma. july numbr numbr from africa on a visa? httpaddr	neutral
not going to as it is not seeing jamie, kyle and nic saturday  probably not see chelsea saturday  shitty weekend that ended with breaking	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr chelsea goes to school tomorrow, you ask to wear sweats..  i go to school and i get an insta post.. you do the math	neutral
twitteraddr  where should i meet you this saturday so that we watch chelsea vs everton	neutral
as much as i may hate chelsea most of the time, she makes me want to do so many rebellious things.	neutral
oh ya know just watching a documentary on the real jigsaw murderer before my numbrth first time in hell! (@ chelsea, wyd???????)	negative
evening standard: manchester united&amp;topc wayne rooney and chelsea&amp;topc john terry make harry... httpaddr topc	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr  don't suppose you know if the chelsea game will change times or dates due to chelsea playing cl on a tuesday??	neutral
installing a full gas central heating system in the chelsea area tomorrow. looking for similar? httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr do you think chelsea deadline day bid was real or just spin by mufc to try and justify the fee? think it may be latter	negative
twitteraddr is there a chance of the chelsea game will change dates to the friday?  just that chelsea haven't received there tickers yet?	neutral
chelsea ready january bid for star with price tag in excess o... httpaddr | httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
i wish chelsea went to lakeland. picture day is tomorrow. she'd have more time to prepare.	neutral
twitteraddr some of these youngsters just go to chelsea because ofthe money and know how unlikely it will be for them to get in the numbrst team.	positive
jesus! chelsea vs everton will the first game on saturday. lol. hope i have a shoulder to lean on.	positive
twitteraddr topc demo downloaded; numbr-numbr win in the first game with chelsea against psg twitteraddr numbrst goal &amp; twitteraddr man of the match	positive
anyone want to buy numbr chelsea tickets for there game against aston villa at home numbrth of october good seats behind the goal dm me	positive
just caught up with made in chelsea hope jinky sort it out they would be great together, can't wait for next monday topc	positive
topc topc fiorentina want to sign chelsea defender in january topc topc httpaddr	positive
women's super league: chelsea close in on title with win against notts county httpaddr	positive
two sexy ass guys working at the farmer's market means chelsea will be back at the farmer's market next tuesday morning.	positive
saturday we defo need numbr points with city and chelsea having tough games and united v liverpool	neutral
"""fiorentina have reportedly opened talks with chelsea over taking the numbryr old kurt zuoma on loan in january."""	neutral
kanye west may not be our next potus, but regardless of whether he lands in the white house or not, chelsea... httpaddr	neutral
lmao i ain even know chelsea in the numbrrd grade	positive
can't wait for sat watch the blues smash that chelsea shite then i'll be smashing it twitteraddr twitteraddr get down after game people	positive
no blues starting for england! sound for saturday, chelsea are getting fucked and jose knows it	negative
topc free ads to topc online &gt;&gt; httpaddr meet the kenyan lady who may cost chelsea... httpaddr	neutral
chelsea and i might be going gym friday??	positive
twitteraddr i agree, but.. we play chelsea saturday don't forget so it's good for us! you still comin saturday??	positive
twitteraddr thanks chelsea, i have all the info i need. have a great tuesday!	positive
get started early shopping for the holidays in chelsea oct numbr the perfect presents await!	positive
twitteraddr cheers dave, you got your ticket for the chelsea match? i think i need to get mine when i get my donny one tomorrow	positive
with chelsea's poor start to the season it could be numbr points to the 'ammers on october numbrth - and i'll be there to see it	negative
savoring the last bits of summer before the big s starts tomorrow. topc @ chelsea side water park httpaddr	positive
chelsea could honestly be the numbrrd migo with me and gee, we all think alike	positive
we will see how well stones does saturday lunch time against chelsea, or will he jump over a ball for a goal?	neutral
the finale of made in chelsea is next monday and i haven't seen any of it. result	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr johnson was good when he numbrst started playing in his chelsea and portsmouth days milner has been shit since daynumbr	positive
chelsea just uploaded the cutest video of us from sunday omfg	positive
twitteraddr being physical is mourinho's numbrst asset he values,before skill. did u hear chelsea tried to sign martial?buying players so othe	neutral
twitteraddr good man! need your support on saturday, those are the ones that will matter. not a glamour tie with chelsea!	positive
on friday i'm going to make chelsea's day but she doesn't know it	positive
twitteraddr will you guys be open for the numbr:numbram arsenal v chelsea game on the numbrth? i'll bring breakfast!	neutral
listen: .twitteraddr explains the reason behind the team's wastefulness last sunday against berekum chelsea topc  httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr you play chelsea saturday. it's unlikely he'll play today.	neutral
twitteraddr c'mon bruh, you watch chelsea every week you aren't actually gonna tell me that oscar works harder due to tackles are you?	negative
twitteraddr we'd be happy to help chelsea! please tell us more about what's going on so we may better assist. ^roannad	positive
"chelsea &amp; i are making a list entitled ""sh*t you hear on gt's campus"" and we just heard our numbrst item"	neutral
i am honored to say i drove chelsea tonight may god bless twitteraddr	positive
twitteraddr too bad he's at chelsea and may not get enough play time. an italian or french team needs to get that boy.	neutral
interested in twitteraddr &amp; topc i'll be talking about both this saturday in chelsea. twitteraddr httpaddr	positive
members going to chelsea or leic away can collect their tickets from seanzi as of fri numbram or sat v stoke	neutral
eden hazard has claimed the reason chelsea may be finding life difficult in the premier league this season is... httpaddr	neutral
if the weather holds out seeing the handlebards in the chelsea physic garden this friday and saturday should be fun! httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr are you likely to be showing the everton v chelsea game in the club before the game on sat? if not any local pubs showing it?	neutral
good luck to the football development programme players in there numbrst game against chelsea twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr topc	positive
twitteraddr we all expect you to follow suit ross. starting this saturday against chelsea	positive
my numbrnd favorite in the brazilian nt and sa chelsea pd. happy birthday twitteraddr :d and sa uban pa naa sa lista  mehehe httpaddr	positive
chelsea transfer news: mourinho confident he will get john stones ... httpaddr	neutral
everton vs. chelsea so early on a saturday. these boys want to ruin my weekend. why lord.	negative
jose mourinho may not be enjoying too much success with chelsea in numbr-numbr, but has added a personal trophy... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr happy birthday!! have a top day. and hope everton batter chelsea on saturday for you haha! x	positive
the early kick off on saturday is everton vs chelsea aka the john stones derby! btts written all over it?	positive
lovely preview in the kensinton &amp; chelsea news for amici's new show 'numbr amici drive' opens tomorrow at twitteraddr httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr chelsea poor form is attributed numbr jose mounrinh as he kept faith wid jst d numbrst eleven widout putin confidence in his subs. topc	negative
twitteraddr i wish chelsea sign lucas leiva and american national team player jones in the january transfer window.	neutral
[topc funes mori could make everton debut against chelsea - martinez: sept numbr (reuters) - ramiro funes ... httpaddr	neutral
hope you've applied if you wish to -applications to crafts on chelsea close on the numbrth! showday is october numbrth :-) httpaddr	positive
everton boss roberto martinez is struggling with injuries at left-back and may hand a debut to ramiro funes mori against chelsea.	neutral
everton defender ramiro funes mori could make his premier league debut against chelsea this saturday. httpaddr	positive
chelsea score their numbrth of the good flowing move. afcb make all numbr subs topc	positive
twitteraddr frock me fair returns to chelsea old town hall this sunday from numbram with lots of amazing topc httpaddr	positive
really hope chelsea start baba instead of ivanovic on saturday, he's literally aged about numbr years over the summer	negative
kent has now signed for coventry so will not play for topc unumbrs against chelsea on friday night. brannagan also linked with move away.	neutral
binary's women crush wednesdays are chelsea &amp; shannon! come see their new works live at the prism tomorrow! topc &lt;numbr httpaddr	positive
me saturday league match or the chelsea game decisions...	neutral
twitteraddr i've took the kids to numbrst numbr home games going on sat but only can have numbr for chelsea so not going my history is numbr adult numbr juniors	positive
im about to go to bed and tomorrow night ill be at the chris brown concert. wow i love life.	positive
if chris brown hits the quan tomorrow expect my ass to run and jump on stage	positive
i have an extra backstage ticket to see chris brown on the numbrth	positive
twitteraddr i noticed that you love chris brown &amp; i saw that you gone meet him tomorrow so take pics like this! lol httpaddr	positive
dj khaled // hold you down ft. chris brown, august alsina, future, jeremih	neutral
twitteraddr re: the dude from numbrth heaven &amp; woody allen. last time i checked, r kelly and chris brown still topc	neutral
i'm going to chris brown at isleta amphitheater in albuquerque, nm - sep numbr httpaddr	positive
i'm not going to school friday for chris brown fuck that	negative
numbrrd and numbr for topc and chris brown catches the numbrst down pass	positive
after a cp first down chris brown is sacked numbrnd and numbr for the mustangs	neutral
sack! jamal wilson with a sack of chris brown! numbrrd down coming up	positive
chris brown for the numbrth touchdown of the night!! numbr-numbr topc	positive
quite the home debut for topc qb malik zaire, he just threw his numbrrd td of the day to chris brown. nd up numbr-numbr on topc topc topc	positive
chris brown and august alsina sang hold you down and all i could think about was jungkook singing it and i almost cried	neutral
you're playing the same venue that chris brown did tomorrow how do you feel? twitteraddr	neutral
worked yesterday then the chris brown concert, worked again today and got a full day tomorrow, too... im ready for another cruise! topc	positive
seeing chris brown, kid ink,omarion,fetty wap,young thug,the migos, august alsina &amp; lil kim tonight was the best	positive
i seen chris brown , august ,fetty ,k camp,' migos, kid ink, monica, lil kim, omarion, young thug, and teyona taylor tonight	positive
i had no idea august was gonna be at chris brown's concert tonight. i woulda went.	positive
all the basic females topc in atlanta is either jacquees drake chris brown august alsina or trey songz	neutral
my siblings went to the chris brown concert tonight i'm already mad i didn't go plus august alsina showed up.. they lost a sister tonight	neutral
well migos, fetty wap, omarian, kid ink, august alsina, young thug, and chris brown put on quite the show last night	positive
body on me - rita ora (feat. chris brown) / may j lee choreography httpaddr   i think i pressed on the replay button too much	positive
she said she thinking abt going to the chris brown concert thursday.	positive
that's a wrap for the weekend! mika and chris brown finish in pnumbr (numbrnd in class) in the twitteraddr intermarque championship	positive
the fact that i get to see chris brown thursday twitteraddr  you jel	positive
selling numbr floor seat tickets to chris brown for this wednesday @ numbr amphitheater hmu if you want them :)))	positive
"twitteraddr yes of cuz.. chris brown is working on his new album already and that's the numbrnd single off the album after ""liquor"""	positive
tomorrow night everybody gone be that chris brown picture on ig that says i don't want to go there because school the next day lol	positive
the saddest part of me not going to the chris brown concert is the fact that i missed august alsinas fine ass perform too :((((((	negative
i'm waiting for chris brown to get a hold on this song also. it sounds like something he may actually remix.  httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr should we get chris brown tickets wednesday? i think the show is this thursday	positive
i hear march madness &amp; think about that flip chris brown did dancing to this song smh dope af	positive
chris brown the numbrnd greatest dancer of all time behind twitteraddr	positive
who wants to go see chris brown with me on wednesday??? it's only numbr doll hairs	neutral
who wants to go with me to a chris brown, kid ink, omarion concert this thursday? i have tickets	neutral
chris brown is going to be in atx on wednesday &amp; i'm so so sad i can't see my baby :/	negative
twitteraddr it's decent, i still feel like chris brown has the best tuesday remix lmao	positive
does anyone want a chris brown ticket bc it's on a thursday and nobody will come thru	neutral
damn near thinking about selling my ticket to chris brown show on the numbrth	negative
a whole monday and i can't get rid of the chris brown songs doing replays in my mind. for the love of breezy *sigh* cc twitteraddr	positive
chris brown is me when me and my girl on good terms and that dude in blue in the back is when we're not  httpaddr	positive
i tried to snap the chris brown concert saturday but they didn't all post. they on ig though.	positive
then the chris brown concert the numbrth with the niggas!	positive
chris brown really had me saturday. he sung all the throwbacks	positive
chris brown bails on going outside during daytime because the sun would be present httpaddr	neutral
chris brown was supposed to make an appearance saturday night at a nightclub event for atlanta black gay pride... httpaddr	neutral
i really think i'm the only one that don't find chris brown or august alsina cute	neutral
tomorrow is going to be a night full with twitteraddr we got kevin harts show, bet life of chris brown on and jimmy kimmel body on me !!	positive
watch out chris brown! karrueche tran may have a new love interest. find out who we hear she's been getting close... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr what's the numbrth song? the one after chris brown	neutral
wait who's going to the chris brown concert next tuesday	positive
bet the life of is equivalent to vhnumbr's behind the music and they starting off with chris brown tomorrow topc	positive
still in search of the really dayna santullo. she's been missing since she willingly passed on a chris brown concert on saturday	negative
twitteraddr new series on bet starts tomorrow about chris brown's life !!!	positive
may no woman hook me the way karrueche has hooked chris brown in jesus name.	neutral
"topc make sure yall be tune in tomorrow to see twitteraddr on twitteraddr ""the bet life of chris brown"" httpaddr"	positive
i hope mrs.tomasi know i won't be at the play practice thursday because of the chris brown concert . sorry not sorry .	neutral
getting the song done tomorrow hit a pain thing again and weights and cardio too, feeling lonely like chris brown but in time, not in prime	neutral
anybody want numbr tickets to the chris brown concert on wednesday. $numbr bucks each and they are in section numbr. lemme know!	positive
chris brown comes sept numbrth and tickets are only $numbr. they're not great seats but still...someone should go with me	positive
i have numbr chris brown concert tickets for sale for this thursday. it's a lawn seats so let me know if you're interested.	positive
thanks to fetty wap for stepping in at the last minute on saturday night event.  chris brown's apology seems disingenuous, i'm sure he knew.	positive
our director chris brown is live on twitteraddr topc today from numbrpm talking about topc app, on its numbrst bday, over numbrk dwnloads	neutral
i have a math test and a speech on thursday but then i get to see chris brown with jezebel so there's that good/bad situation	neutral
chris brown is gonna be at the game next sunday all is good	positive
who else is going to the chris brown tour this thursday topc	positive
c'mon game, don't do that - chris brown is a lil boy, you gon hurt him. over karrueche? nah man	negative
selling numbr ticket to chris brown this thursday sept numbr!!!!!  let me know if you or anyone you know wants it!!	positive
if i'm not at the chris brown concert next tuesday i'm gonna be really really upset and i'm gonna blame george lol	neutral
check this out! i have  chris brown with kid ink, fetty wap, omarion, and teyana taylor at austin numbr tomorrow.... httpaddr	positive
all the hoes will be out this saturday at the chris brown concert.	negative
who's going to see chris brown tomorrow?	neutral
twitteraddr that'll be the last time chris brown dances to march madness	neutral
it's really going to this chris brown concert tomorrow.... like i'm buying my ticket as i tweet this	positive
listening to chris brown all day to get ready for tomorrow! so much greatness to listen to	positive
chris brown concert tomorrow. who's willing to go with me?	positive
on twitteraddr twitteraddr at numbr:numbrpm, emily blunt, u.s. air force airman numbrst class spencer stone, rita ora with chris brown perform topc	neutral
who going to chris brown this thursday?	neutral
i love that:  -today, i brought a chris brown album. -thursday, i am going to a metal show. -saturday, i am seeing one direction.   topc	positive
got invited to the chris brown concert and i have class tomorrow :(	neutral
it's double shot two-ticket tuesday on power numbr.numbr! every time you hear numbr chris brown songs back-to-back caller topc at numbr-numbr wins!!	positive
jealous of everyone going to chris brown on thursday	positive
i'm gonna go to the fair on saturday while everyone is at chris brown lol	negative
i swear to god if i miss chris brown this thursday, i'm going to be so mad at the whole entire world &amp; idgaf.	negative
my mom is going to the chris brown concert tomorrow.....	neutral
twitteraddr bruh. gotta go lol. and chris brown is coming this thursday after my first day at work. lit like bic.	positive
i literally have waited my entire life to see chris brown and it's happening tomorrow like i'm seriously gonna cry httpaddr	positive
'chris brown' appeared on tuesday numbr at the numbrth place in the topnumbr of new orleans's trends: httpaddr topc	neutral
twitteraddr i love chris brown  sept numbr with jthrone	positive
cops are closing in on the guys who robbed chris brown's home in july and it appears they have gang affiliations. httpaddr	neutral
did you know that 'chris brown' was trending topic on tuesday numbr for numbr hours in new orleans? httpaddr topc	neutral
i got the bronco game and chris brown on sunday lol	positive
the chris brown and ed sheerhan performance of loyal in vegas , may have been the best video i've seen	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr ik :'( nvm tomorrow i chris brown her like she's rihanna	neutral
chris brown &amp; trey's remixes to tuesday, numbr hours, made me &amp; studio are better than all the originals	positive
all my friends actually want to go see chris brown this saturday... drink and have a good time... i think yes!!!!!!	positive
"""twitteraddr did you enjoy last night's life of chris brown? next tuesday we explore the career of twitteraddr topc"	positive
wel looks like i'm going to the after party tomorrow with fetty wap chris brown tyga etc thanks to my cuz	positive
so when is game &amp; chris brown homie gonna fight ???  is it on pay per view or friday night hood fights ??	positive
conor mcgregor backed up the talk and won interim gold with numbrnd round tko. httpaddr httpaddr	positive
conor mcgregor vs frankie edgar may be even better than tonight's fight	positive
never in my life will i root for conor mcgregor. one day ... (and that day may never come) .. someone will demolish him. topc topc	negative
wow. conor mcgregor with a numbrnd round stoppage just as he predicted. he can't seem to go wrong. topc topc topc topc	positive
conor mcgregor lived up to the numbr million dollar bet he wanted to make with dana of koing mendes in the numbrnd.	positive
with a numbrnd-rd tko, conor mcgregor backed up the talk vs chad mendes &amp; won the interim featherweight title at topc httpaddr	positive
fuck yeah!!! conor mcgregor won!!! he's the champ now!!! httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr didn't conor mcgregor call it before the fight? stoppage in the numbrnd round.	neutral
i don't give a fuck about mma but conor mcgregor is irish and plus he sat next to me at nandos  once soooo	neutral
conor mcgregor is good but could he survive a rough numbrth in the gaa?	positive
ufc numbr was everything i wanted it to be and everything i imagined. robbie lawler ko in the numbrth round and conor mcgregor ko end of the numbrnd	positive
retweeted fox sports: ufc (twitteraddr  conor mcgregor is your new interim champion!! tko in the numbrnd round over... httpaddr	positive
conor mcgregor is the modern day muhammad ali topc found out why tomorrow on topc with twitteraddr	positive
conor mcgregor (twitteraddr may just be the twitteraddr of ireland. i wonder if crime rates drop down to numbr% there too.	positive
mma: conor mcgregor recovers from a number of takedowns, stuns chad mendes with big left hand late numbrnd round	neutral
i may not like the dude but i respect conor mcgregor's humbleness after his win	positive
did you know a conor mcgregor numbrnd-round ko was worth numbr/numbr odds? read more at httpaddr topc	neutral
conor mcgregor... what a true warrior and entertainer... think he may actually be a viking or something from the past... exciting future	positive
conor mcgregor has spent numbr months in the desert of las vegas and still can't catch a sun tan. can't take the boy at of ireland topc topc	neutral
conor mcgregor breathtaking! numbrnd tko over chad mendes, now let's see if jose aldo mans the f*** up and fights you.	positive
following his numbrnd round knock-out last night, we make conor mcgregor numbr/numbr to defeat jose aldo...httpaddr httpaddr	positive
just me who thought conor mcgregor may not have fully answered the wrestler question last night?! he was taken down at will to be fair?!	neutral
i don't believe my luck. last night i said i was gonna go numbr down on conor mcgregor numbrnd round win and never put it on. fuck my life.	negative
conor, conor mcgregor - he may talk the talk but he sure does walk the walk, go on my son :)   to watch:... httpaddr	positive
conor mcgregor may have a big mouth, but he consistently backs up what he says when he fights, gotta respect that	positive
couldn't get a link to stream the fight last night, can't wait until monday night when its on numbre. delighted conor mcgregor won though topc	positive
finally it's sunday funday!   whether you were out seeing tim mcgraw or watching conor mcgregor win the fight... httpaddr	positive
conor mcgregor is the real deal. stop ducking him aldo you pussy. today, i celebrate my half irishness by getting pissed. happy sunday all!	positive
avecessi'' conor mcgregor's body shots the difference in title victory: on saturday night, one of the biggest pay-per-views in ufc hi...	positive
any funny business from luke neale at lunch tomorrow and he's getting chinned conor mcgregor style	neutral
still can't stop thinking about last nights fight card! conor mcgregor may talk a lot of smack but he always delivers. topc topc	positive
never mind about conor mcgregor it's wwe battleground next sunday night live twitteraddr twitteraddr	neutral
i celebrated like conor mcgregor (into my pillow. why frighten the neighbors?) httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr you won! conor mcgregor knocks out chad mendes in numbrnd round for interim title httpaddr	positive
conor mcgregor and urijah faber will be the next coaches for the ultimate fighter reality show. september numbrth.	neutral
twitteraddr dude! the coaches have been announced for the new tuf season starting september numbrth. conor mcgregor for eu and urijah faber numbr usa	positive
saturday ireland stayed up to see if conor mcgregor will win. sunday greece stayed up to see how much it will lose. topc	positive
"conor mcgregor and ronda rousey 'at the top of the game' following ufc numbr: saturday night was huge for ""... httpaddr topc"	neutral
conor mcgregor on the front pages of irish papers. this sort of stuff is still surreal.  httpaddr	neutral
conor mcgregor and team europe vs. urijah faber and team america in the new season of tuf. features numbrlbs fighters and debuts wed sept numbrth.	neutral
in honour of conor mcgregor's success in the early hours of yesterday morning, here's some monday morning... httpaddr	positive
so uriah faber, not frankie edgar or jose aldo, will get the numbrst crack at conor mcgregor. is it me or are they just building him up.	neutral
conor mcgregor will be serenaded into the octagon by sinead o'connor on saturday night. the dubliner takes on chad mendes for the ufc's	neutral
sheamus was the numbrst wwe champion from neither us nor canada.conor mcgregor is numbrst ufc champion from uk or ireland. irish men are tough.	neutral
a list of all the body kicks conor mcgregor landed saturday night at topc httpaddr	positive
"april "" i don't have an obsession with conor mcgregor"" mendez, righttt, hun. twitteraddr"	neutral
"""conor mcgregor"" was searched more than numbrm times on google saturday. the most searched term for day. that's in line with rousey at ufc numbr."	neutral
conor mcgregor was very fortunate he was fighting chad mendes and not frankie edgar on saturday.	positive
granted, conor mcgregor is an absolute beast. but, we are still yet to see him do it on a wednesday night at stoke.	positive
happy numbrth birthday to the one and only conor mcgregor!! httpaddr	positive
happy numbrth birthday conor mcgregor (twitteraddr - have a great day from everyone at twitteraddr !	positive
"conor mcgregor's reaction to swirling jose aldo injury news: ""see you all on july numbrth"" httpaddr topc"	neutral
happy numbrth birthday to the topc one! conor mcgregor! topc twitteraddr httpaddr	positive
"conor mcgregor was reportedly fight with a bad knee on saturday night. coach said ""he did not do any live wrestling in camp."""	neutral
topc urijah faber agrees that his confrontation with conor mcgregor looked rigged: last friday, whi... httpaddr	negative
according to several sources, the ufc is looking to re-book jose aldo junior &amp; conor mcgregor in december at... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr c'mon, feed conor mcgregor to twitteraddr mcgregor talked his way into a title shot, frankie earned it.	neutral
fightweets: was conor mcgregor on tuf topc right call? httpaddr topc topc topc topc topc	neutral
this is twitteraddr numbrth triangle choke victory in his career. conor mcgregor was the numbrrd victim. topc httpaddr	positive
strong rumours that conor mcgregor will fight jose aldo on the numbrth of december in texas topc topc topc topc	neutral
in the ufc game conor mcgregor is the numbrnd weakest in his weight class but guess who is champion now? httpaddr	neutral
.twitteraddr fans: we're talking to conor mcgregor twitteraddr tomorrow - what do you wanna know?	neutral
can't wait for twitteraddr twitteraddr in october. hopefully i run into twitteraddr so i can bust his balls about conor mcgregor.	neutral
conor mcgregor responds perfectly to everyone under the sun calling him out httpaddr httpaddr	positive
conor mcgregor may be the most absurd person out there. with that being said, he's da real mvp.	neutral
duffy vs. poirier set october numbrth  if he loses to another irishman conor mcgregor will eat him up alive on social media.	positive
big joe keeping it littt 'i will beat conor mcgregor' declares donegal man joseph duffy / sunday world httpaddr	positive
champ ronda,eye of the tiger baby! bethe is a conor mcgregor wanna be in this pic..ronda will win,easy money tomorrow httpaddr	positive
i think the dude sat next to aldo should put on a conor mcgregor face mask so we can see jose running again.	positive
ronda is bringing a lot of new eyes to the ufc and i love it:) conor mcgregor vs jose aldo and ronda rousey vs tate dallas stadium in dec.:)	positive
dana white wants a mega ufc card in december with ronda rousey and conor mcgregor httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
will ronda rousey, conor mcgregor fight on the same card in december? httpaddr via twitteraddr	neutral
jose aldo and conor mcgregor are set to square off on december numbr at dallas cowboys' stadium. ufc president dana white revealed he hopes to	positive
conor mcgregor vs. max holloway ii for the undisputed ufc fw title on december numbrth is going to be fun.	positive
update to last story - ufc numbr will be december numbr at mgm grand garden arena with jose aldo vs. conor mcgregor httpaddr	positive
jose aldo vs conor mcgregor set for december numbrth at the mgm grand in las vegas. topc	positive
twitteraddr if i remember correctly, you're a conor mcgregor fan. if you didn't hear, the jose aldo match is set for dec numbrth in vegas.	positive
dana white confirms the featherweight title fight between jose aldo junior and conor mcgregor is set for ufc numbr on dec. numbr in las vegas.	neutral
conor mcgregor  vs jose aldo scheduled for dec numbr. that means we only have numbr mths until aldo announces he's withdrawing due to 'injury' topc	positive
twitteraddr just announced jose aldo vs conor mcgregor on december numbr, only if they could get ronda rousey vs cris cyborg on that card.	positive
so conor mcgregor is already the favorite leading up to the fight in december. i feel the odds will fluctuate quite a bit! topc topc	positive
conor mcgregor's next fight is announced for december. starting now that's like numbr months of loading up the band wagon again..  topc	positive
c'mon, of course they would ... - conor mcgregor says he'd beat floyd mayweather -- and ronda rousey would too httpaddr	positive
diego sanchez has shown interest in a fight with conor mcgregor. douglas crosby may possibly be his only hope.	positive
want to be part of the excitement this december for the conor mcgregor fight? - httpaddr	positive
going to the conor mcgregor vs jose aldo ufc fight on december numbr, who wants to go??	neutral
c'mon art... you /know/ you want to go watch a conor mcgregor or rhonda rousey fight...  topc	positive
conor mcgregor - ufc numbr  packages to las vegas this december  any day, any duration now available!  call our... httpaddr	neutral
i can't wait to see chad mendes vs frankie edgar on december numbr!! then conor mcgregor vs jose aldo on the numbr!! dec. hurry up please!!	positive
i'd rather let conor mcgregor full on kick me in the dick than go to work tomorrow	negative
conor mcgregor, grade-a fighter &amp; grade-a s**t talker. on december numbrth, he's gonna take aldo's belt. topc httpaddr	positive
"conor mcgregor is done with the vision once he defeats jose aldo junior but may grant frankie ""the answer"" edgar... httpaddr"	neutral
he ran from the featherweight division, has dustin poirier ran off the stage yet now conor mcgregor is sat just feet away from him?	neutral
twitteraddr surprised conor mcgregor isn't togging out for dublin tomorrow. get away with more in croker, then in the octagon	neutral
december numbrth cant come fast enough. conor mcgregor is gonna put jose aldo where he needs to be.. out of championship contention.	positive
conor mcgregor is jokes man, he tears em all apart at that conference, looking forward to dec. numbrth	positive
las vegas -- conor mcgregor was in rare form friday during the go big press conference. the brash irishman took... httpaddr	positive
ruben juarez was legit the conor mcgregor in numbrth grade in the football locker rooms shit was sick.	neutral
it seems that vitor belfort wasn't happy about taking a back-seat to conor mcgregor on friday httpaddr httpaddr	negative
watching tuf tomorrow just because conor mcgregor and urijah faber are the coaches.	positive
david beckham ends harper's numbrth birthday with a tea party in the garden: 'good night little lady': d... httpaddr topc	positive
twitteraddr bro, she may just be more marketable. remember that david beckham was the highest earner in football for a very long time.	positive
another mint monday off. currently watching david beckham into the unknown. what a specimen.	positive
you may be cool but you'll never be david beckham at the wimbledon cool. topc topc	neutral
regram of david beckham with his daughter harper. happy numbrth birthday harper. topc topc httpaddr	positive
david beckham can you please marry me... like tomorrow	positive
no. even if you david beckham, sitting under that hot ass sun with that numbr dollars suit, you should still be sweating	neutral
breaking via dave hyde of the sun sentinel: david beckham's proposed mls group and the city of miami agree to... httpaddr	neutral
going for a haircut hoping to look like the next david beckham when you just look like your average sunday league wanker	neutral
twitteraddr so this is the numbrth person on this show that i have seen in commercials. felisha is the sprint girl with david beckham.	neutral
watching the lookalikes teaser on sunday brunch am i the only one who think the david beckham lookalike is definitely not a lookalike?	neutral
i had a dream i met david beckham at the airport and we were both on the same flight so he got me into numbrst class. step it up, real life.	positive
social media boosts vintage cars: new york - david beckham may have more of an influence on you than you think... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr  barely getting to know the show basically, tomorrow is the first night live. i think tomorrow kellie pickler or david beckham	neutral
twitteraddr what i hate is when the sun brings out the men who think they look like david beckham but dont..put it away!!	negative
beckham mls stadium may kick residents out of homes: the thrill of the david beckham stadium announcement is o... httpaddr	neutral
"'knock knock: live:' david beckham surprises family in need: tuesday marked the debut of ""knock knock:... httpaddr topc"	positive
knock knock, who's there? david beckham with a cheque for $numbr,numbr. for one californian family on tuesday night, this wan't a terrible	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr he said you were the numbrnd best person after david beckham.	positive
david beckham gets sweet tribute to wife victoria as he remembers year they got married with new ...: numbr may numbr... httpaddr	positive
david beckham gives $numbr,numbr to shocked family on tv - david beckham just scored a really big assist. in tuesday's... httpaddr	positive
new hair again tomorrow :-) hopefully look like this but unfortunately without the money, posh cars, david beckham... httpaddr	positive
just found out david beckham could be at the game saturday. cool.	positive
do you like david beckham's tattoo in honor of our topc topc by the way, tomorrow we're playing fc barcelona,... httpaddr	neutral
david beckham: soccer legend celebrates numbrth wedding anniversary by getting: a number that marks one of the mo... httpaddr	positive
sweet lord baby jesus, david beckham is one fine piece of ass may his life be filled with happiness and me. amen.  httpaddr	positive
can't believe i just sat and cried at david beckham on knock knock live. think it's time for me to go to bed	neutral
david beckham at soulcycle: david beckham out and about, los angeles. numbr july numbr : numbr images - show all image... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr david beckham, may i ask you to check my profile? because there's a limited secret to numbr.numbr coins fifa numbr	neutral
july numbrth three years ago; the night david beckham drove past me on the thames on a motor boat. topc	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr he may even be hotter than david beckham	positive
david beckham may have just passed taylor swift on the good deeds list... check this out! httpaddr	positive
"david beckham just scored a really big assist. in tuesday's debut of the good samaritan show ""knock knock: live"" on fox, the soccer great"	positive
david beckham and brad pitt pose for ultimate wedding snap at guy ritchie's nuptials: it may have been guy ritchie's big day, but dav...	positive
i miss sunday brunch with twitteraddr and david beckham in kensington and i also miss max! topc topc	neutral
david beckham keeps it stylish in jean shirt and white trousers after attending guy ritchie's wed... httpaddr topc	positive
nothing is better on a sunday then sitting with your momma as you both google search david beckham and find the best backgrounds topc	positive
it's monday and you know what that means. blessing your timelines with a little topc david beckham your are perfect. httpaddr	positive
leading the way at guy ritchie and jacqui ainsley's wedding on thursday were the likes of david beckham and jemima khan.	positive
cool tweet. im not ready for the david beckham cameo in this flick. httpaddr	neutral
beckham poses in adidas kit - see the fan-pleasing image that david beckham has uploaded to his personal instagram .. httpaddr	positive
david beckham showed off his masculine side on monday as he prepared to take a spin in los angeles on one of his vintage motorcycles.	positive
if i agree to hang out with u on a sunday you're probably very fucking important or you're david beckham	positive
david beckham and joey barton could be central to one of the biggest games in french football on sunday.	positive
david beckham slams the daily mail over parenting criticism and more celeb news you may have missed - httpaddr topc	neutral
david beckham and gordon ramsay were spotted attending a major league soccer match between la galaxy and the seattle sounders on sunday.	neutral
david beckham scored a goal for parents monday, striking back against all the critics who tell us they know how... httpaddr	positive
teacher: the sun is the hottest thing we know to exist.  me: have you seen david beckham?	positive
twitteraddr but then he'll be sat on his arse at home or else playing in conference. he's crap and thinks he's david beckham.	negative
pretend it like beckham: blink and you'll miss him. don't blink and you may still miss him. but david beckham,... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr make  david beckham tomorrow	neutral
david beckham: david beckham: my side: my side - the autobiography: he may live in madrid but he continues to make fr httpaddr	neutral
not surprised david beckham is numbrnd highest earning former athlete, every country in the world i go to his fucking balls are in my face	neutral
there was always one little gobshite pretty boy that minced about thinking he was david beckham on every sunday league team i swear	neutral
every male celeb under the sun: please stop doing underwear adverts! no one cares! you're just some random, not david beckham!	neutral
numbrrd day in la, still not seen david beckham	negative
rio ferdinand thinks manchester united may have signed the next david beckham:  httpaddr httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr i could pick up my dog, my numbrnd cousin and david beckham and still get top numbr at that event, pls win it	neutral
"twitteraddr i liked the numbrth sentence about the ""la galaxy where david beckham was put out to grass..."""	neutral
if i could have any soccer player i want it'd be prince boateng,david beckham or neymar jr....beckham is numbrst choice	positive
was it liam payne or david beckham on the video we may never know topc httpaddr	positive
like yall gonna believe the sun if they say liam is actually david beckham and they live a double life?	positive
david beckham jokes son romeo is copying his style with man bun: romeo beckham debuted his trendy little man bun on sunday evening, a...	neutral
have we all seen the new belstaff + david beckham + harvey keitel fashion film trailer? cheers up a dreary monday! httpaddr	positive
when i wake up tomorrow i'll be in a different country. whoa! i didn't run into a david beckham at the airport. that's a bummer.	positive
so... i'm sat having a lovely dinner in twitteraddr with twitteraddr ... and david beckham comes in ...	positive
i was just david beckham's numbrth follower topc	positive
i'm going to take it one step further tomorrow as the next david beckham.	positive
starting to make david beckham and james bond look uncool. httpaddr	neutral
one of the worlds biggest icons david beckham dined twitteraddr in twitteraddr this wednesday topc topc httpaddr	positive
david beckham - just because he's fabulous and it's friday. topc topc topc httpaddr	positive
may god bless me with a husband like david beckham	positive
if david beckham is campaigning for the dad of the year award, then he may have just pulled it out of the bag... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr happy numbrth birthday david beckham!!! &lt;numbr love you!	positive
twitteraddr david beckham was once the numbrnd best player in the world,playing for one of the biggest clubs too. a lot of context to that	positive
this time tomorrow we'll be in very good company as david beckham receives the topc award! httpaddr httpaddr	positive
it was my first day on the job and i may or may not have served david beckham coffee.	neutral
becks shows love for son brooklyn with new 'buster' tattoo: washington d.c., sep numbr : david beckham might just ... httpaddr	positive
so david beckham may or may not be in a cameo role. he is not. but if twitteraddr acts up, our editor is at the ready. httpaddr	neutral
david beckham shares sweet snap as he kisses his 'beautiful boy' romeo on his numbrth birthday httpaddr httpaddr	positive
sir alex pays tribute to becks - see what sir alex and others had to say about david beckham as he receives legend .. httpaddr	positive
david beckham receives legend of football award: at the charitable hmv football extravaganza event, on tuesday... httpaddr	neutral
thursday's gossip column: man utd want to keep david de gea, david beckham backs ryan giggs, victor ... httpaddr topc	neutral
is it just me or he looks like david beckham? httpaddr	neutral
why is the david beckham so positive about the england team, we are shite if we don't hit numbr/numbr on sat then that is disgraceful set of cretins	negative
a slow-mo video of david beckham and the family's new pup, olive, to kick start your sunday? sure.  httpaddr	positive
had dinner with david beckham tonight. pretty good way to end my last sunday in london.	positive
perfect for a rainy sunday at home cuddled on the couch watching a movie! david beckham bodywear for httpaddr	positive
northern ireland numbr-numbr england: the night windsor park blew david beckham away: in the aftermath maybe, just may... httpaddr	positive
david beckham may play james bond in the next numbr blockbuster httpaddr	positive
david beckham as james bond may just be the worst idea i've ever heard in my life	negative
david beckham has expressed his desire to be the next james bond. he's a good look but his acting may be a deal breaker	negative
liam payne or david beckham the world may never know	neutral
david beckham may play bond? absolutely not. couldn't bear the thought. elba is the man for that role, beckham should be nowhere near it.	neutral
"david beckham says of son romeo acting as england mascot tonight as numbrth birthday treat:"" i still have a few connections with the fa"".."	positive
"so is that true? david beckham is going to be the ""may be"" next numbr?? ........well! wtf u r waiting fr?start the shooting alrdy! &lt;numbr beckham"	positive
"david beckham's son romeo beckham leads out england team for his numbrth birthday: when the word ""beckham"" is a p... httpaddr"	neutral
romeo beckham leads out england with wayne rooney for his numbrth birthday: david beckham used his clout with the... httpaddr	neutral
david beckham's son romeo leads out england with wayne rooney for numbrth birthday httpaddr via twitteraddr httpaddr	neutral
david beckham has revealed speaking to queen victoria and says the loss of her record may just spur her on to win it back. topc	positive
shame on you david cameron for not opening britain's doors to refugees. people may not like it but it is your job to persuade them.	negative
david cameron is an evil bastard, may karma catch up with him.	negative
david cameron &amp; theresa may - please just *do something* to help topc twitteraddr twitteraddr topc	positive
".twitteraddr leader on ""the remorseless drift of david cameron"" in response to refugee crisis httpaddr"	positive
"david cameron ""very well-informed"" about topc ""according to experts who have briefed him"". yes i bet he is. httpaddr"	positive
from sunday: 'andy burnham tells david cameron to accept quotas of calais migrants to help with his eu renegotiation' httpaddr	neutral
david cameron, theresa may - you turn you back on this - you shame us all. bri httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr nice one david cameron, great news that and long may it continue. topc	positive
david cameron has flunked it. he now needs to act swiftly, decisively + demonstrate true leadership topc  httpaddr	neutral
.twitteraddr brilliant on the refugee crisis, a test, and david cameron's bloody shameful failure. httpaddr	negative
agree with twitteraddr &amp; david cameron. rehoming migrants may help our morals but it doesn't fight the cause of problem httpaddr	neutral
david cameron's approach to the refugee crisis brings shame on us all. by twitteraddr httpaddr	negative
david cameron's willingness to arrange the topc referendum rules suggests he's greatly concerned about the outcome. httpaddr	positive
sat here in actual tears this country needs to do something about these refugees. it's everyone's problems. david cameron needs to act!	neutral
twitteraddr good for david cameron. importing the numbrrd world while displacing traditional european culture is not in their best interest.	neutral
david cameron | cut from the same cloth as tony blair &amp; styled by thatcherism topc httpaddr	neutral
tatler sent a photographer to david cameron's wedding and have just uploaded the pics to the internet for some reason httpaddr	neutral
david cameron says he will open uk borders-just once i would like brits to be put numbrst by our own government httpaddr	neutral
david cameron is a disgrace. a migration free for all may not be the solution, but neither is turning a blind eye to it...	negative
jeremy corbyn questions david cameron on the refugee crisis back in february: httpaddr	neutral
merkel's germany could not crush europe with bombs muslims may be a better consideration david cameron  httpaddr	negative
i just unfollowed my cousin's posts on facebook because he called david cameron a pussy for saying we may need to accept more migrants :)	negative
cameron can solve the refugee 'problem' easily - here's how: a compromise may be possible for david cameron in... httpaddr	neutral
david cameron's statement on camera on thursday numbr september numbr: he will  take in 'more' of the refugees: was he speaking to tv cameras?	negative
is it the same david cameron posing before tv cameras on thursday posing fabricated words of compassion who also preaches race intolerance?	negative
mean time david cameron is busy with thatchers death hmm httpaddr	negative
"either david cameron   {or marx said}   ""those are my principles &amp; if you don't like them; well, i have others."" httpaddr"	neutral
david cameron is expected to announce the uk will take in more syrian refugees: httpaddr topc httpaddr	positive
david cameron said the u.k. would take in thousands more syrian refugees, by twitteraddr | httpaddr	positive
david cameron considering taking syrian refugees from un  camps makes sense may stop the masses paying the traffickers who trade on misery	positive
david cameron, the sun and the daily mail make me physically sick.	negative
"david cameron wakes. checks mail &amp; sun front pgs  ""damn!""  rubs out 'swarm' from speech &amp; replaces it with 'desperate people who need help'."	neutral
david cameron and theresa may get your heads out of the sand these people are fleeing for their lives and they try to come here to be safe	neutral
did you know that 'david cameron' was trending topic on thursday numbr for numbr hours in sheffield? httpaddr topc	neutral
i think david cameron has caught the sun....	positive
brilliant steve bell cartoon on david cameron and the refugee crisis httpaddr httpaddr	positive
numbr apr numbr - david cameron tells 'fruitcakes loonies' - it's time to come home &gt;httpaddr  war is won httpaddr	negative
david cameron's appointment of numbr new peers may be intended to undermine the authority of twitteraddr - httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr gordon brown and david cameron have said exactly the same thing. also 'hideous bigots'? httpaddr	neutral
more proof that canada's stephen harper was cut from the same neo con cloth as topc  and david cameron httpaddr topc	positive
twitteraddr i want to see david cameron and theresa may on numbr hours in police custody or numbr hours in a&amp;e.	neutral
congratulations david cameron! may god bless you &amp; your country. httpaddr	positive
david cameron knew british pilots were using air strikes on syria in july, but now refuses to welcome anymore refugees as he calls for peace	negative
may allah make david cameron the taghoot disabled and give him cancer in his brain. ameen.	negative
robert fisk   thursday numbr september numbr   refugee crisis: david cameron lowered the flag for the dead king of... httpaddr	neutral
httpaddr british council chiefs want more public srvcs resources from david cameron for more refugees topc topc	neutral
just found out that david cameron is related to the queen. apparently he is her numbrth cousin, twice removed. did anyone else know this?	neutral
pm david cameron tells councils to raise council tax to pay for migrant settlement after the numbrst year httpaddr	neutral
david cameron was at my college on wednesday , what the actual fresh hell is this ?	neutral
wow, just wow! david cameron must have experienced a lucid moment.  httpaddr	neutral
david cameron twitteraddr sep numbr  taking refugees direct from camps allows a safe route to the uk, rather than the hazardous journey.	positive
cable describes david cameron as pretty hands-off and predicts twitteraddr will become the next prime minister. httpaddr	neutral
this, from twitteraddr says it all re david cameron's heartlessness. topc  httpaddr	neutral
'david cameron' appeared on saturday numbr at the numbrth place in the topnumbr of nottingham's trends: httpaddr topc	positive
"""david cameron and home secretary theresa may want nothing to do with the scheme and have absented..."" httpaddr"	neutral
we have many young male numbrrd world thugs on our streets now. we don't want david cameron to bring in more.	negative
topc on his visit to madrid last friday david cameron was clear he wanted a united spain: the statement made ... httpaddr	positive
in watching david miliband on the sunday shows, one re-realizes that the wrong miliband ran against david cameron.	neutral
even worse to add fuel to the fire david cameron new british pilots  were bombing syrians it happened, july numbrth numbr article	neutral
it filled my heart with pride to see the huge march in oxford this afternoon. i hope david cameron saw and heard. topc	positive
the sun, for people lacking brain cells and david cameron.   pull the trigger httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr to be fair, i'd refuse to agree with david cameron if he said the sun was an excrement-stained rag.	neutral
will fleeing syrians flood the food banks or be served at the ritz ?  david cameron merkel duncan smith theresa may the pope sentimentalists	positive
david cameron is due to make his commons statement about the migration crisis at numbr.numbrpm. topc httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr david cameron is like god &amp; guide to syrian refugees.god may blees the people like david cameron	positive
when david cameron wanted military action on syria he may have been supporting is as he was against assad	negative
"i just signed the petition ""david cameron mp, rt hon theresa may mp: we are willing to house syrian refugees;... httpaddr"	neutral
"""david cameron's former adviser charged with child sexual abuse""  httpaddr topc topc httpaddr"	negative
note to ids: david cameron may be your friend, but he is not right, and he's certainly not honourable.	negative
david cameron is a disgusting liar. up to his neck in criminality working with corrupt undercover cops, theresa may covering his back. topc	negative
david cameron has just confirmed to the house of commons that ukgov took unilateral military action in syria on numbr august.	neutral
by numbr, the u.k. will accept numbr,numbr syrian refugees:  british prime minister david cameron announced monday t... httpaddr	neutral
british prime minister david cameron pledged on monday to take in up to numbr,numbr syrian refugees over the next five... httpaddr	neutral
the best part about this story is that david cameron justified the attack as self-defense. httpaddr	neutral
the vile penny pinching tories shame us all: david cameron's limp action on refugees puts britain outside the eu httpaddr	negative
hope david cameron enjoys his breakfast tomorrow and isn't put off thinking about all the people he starves	negative
another example of david cameron campaigning on one thin and then doing the exact opposite httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr i'm conflicted. i don't particularly like the sun or david cameron but i always enjoy a david bowie pun/reference.	negative
the sentence for inciting violence on the internet is death-by-drone. david cameron just told us so. httpaddr	negative
david cameron u bloody moron f**k u how dare u kat in so many muslims? what the fuck u think u r? httpaddr	negative
authoritarian titmouse david cameron uses the same bullshit to justify drone murdering brits. twitteraddr is so proud: httpaddr	negative
"twitteraddr the sun did not win it for david cameron.  nicola sturgeon is ""wot won it""!"	positive
if the cardiff boy was planning to attack the queen on aug numbr, it's a bit harsh of david cameron to kill him on augnumbr httpaddr	neutral
great summary of david cameron response to the syrian refugee crisis httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr and david cameron is numbrth cousin off the queen. who are they where is our real queen???????	neutral
twitteraddr good on david cameron he has grown a pair of balls and long may it continue this is a clear message to isis whoever they are	positive
david cameron plays the numbers game httpaddr via twitteraddr	neutral
can anyone imagine someone other than david cameron representing us on the world stage in these troubled times? httpaddr	neutral
as you may know i'm no lover of david cameron, however his decision to authorise drone attacks to kill british terrorists was topc	neutral
this is aimed @ david cameron - fight me. meet me behind the bike sheds tomorrow @ numbrpm sharp. b there or b square	negative
brits don't want these economic migrants. for every single one convicted of a crime david cameron and theresa may must serve the sentence.	neutral
netanyahu, will be in london to meet david cameron on numbr september join the protest outside downing street to oppose his visit. numbram to numbrpm	neutral
the sun again says it provided the intelligence for david cameron's drone strikes. background: httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
"""all presidents of american except one are or have been related to the monarchy. david cameron is her numbrth cousin... httpaddr"	neutral
on a wed at numbram the queen always calls david cameron and pretends to be frank bruno. cameron falls for it every time topc	neutral
david cameron says that there 'may well be case' for isc to scrutinise drone strikes, but it will not be able to look at current operations	neutral
every voter in scotland is being betrayed because david cameron and theresa may make all our msp's job impossible. topc topc topc topc	negative
pathetic and misleading response by david cameron to twitteraddr question on numbrth form college funding. he obviously just doesn't care.	negative
israel protects europe from extreme islam: he will meet with prime minister david cameron on thursday to discu... httpaddr	neutral
david cameron mp, rt hon theresa may mp, boris johnson: little yousef needs you to help - sign the ... httpaddr	neutral
i'm going to digi tomorrow &amp; i'm so scared	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr sorry i cant go to digi tomorrow, i really want to.. ill never meet you all	negative
digi is tomorrow so i'm gonna try to have my mom take me to cleveland so i can wait outside the venue bc i don't have tickets :)	neutral
i'm just trynna meet twitteraddr twitteraddr and twitteraddr if she's gonna be at digi tour tomorrow!	positive
omg! i wish this was myself. i'm going to digi fest tomorrow..but don't have vip.  httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr are you going to digi tomorrow	positive
i really hope madison goes to digi tomorrow because i want to meet her	positive
possibly going to digi tomorrow with nib and macky....	positive
yes um sunsation, omg, digifest, bedtime stories, and i'm going to digi again september numbr httpaddr	positive
really want to go to digi tomorrow but really can't be arsed with how much of a physco i turn into after one vodka	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr i'm gonna dm you the user and password for the snapchat account and you just post on it tomorrow at digi	positive
twitteraddr yo, ugly are you ready for digi tomorrow?	neutral
i apologize for my tweets i'm going to digi &amp; meeting all the baes tomorrow so i'm sorry in advance	positive
twitteraddr have a separate meet up tomorrow w/ everyone while youre still down here, i'm dying to meet you but i can't go to digi	neutral
i could be going to digi tomorrow but i thought i was supposed to be seeing the girls but they cancelled lmao	neutral
twitteraddr johnson, i'm meeting you in september at digi in houston! are you as excited to meet me as i am to meet you?	positive
i'm going to miss so many broadcast at digi tomorrow because of this dm an tournament	neutral
everyone that is going to digi tomorrow you will have a bomb ass time	positive
twitteraddr you going to digi in october	neutral
if your going to digi tomorrow and want to get me a video from grant landis i'd really love you	positive
digi is tomorrow and im not going ):::	negative
if you guys wanna see some snapchat stories of like hayes and all the other peeps tomorrow at digi go add me on snap ~ ssecristnumbr	positive
topc topc five fascinating facts that you may not know about sea turtles - digi... httpaddr topc topc topc	neutral
seeing videos of them performing at digi has made me excited to see the jacks in november	positive
twitteraddr i know when i met him the numbrrd time at digi when we stage kissed i started crying when he hugged me &amp; he just kept saying ily	positive
twitteraddr ahahah mate we will speak on your birthday night out, fancy going out next monday? digi	positive
wish i can meet her on the numbrst but i am going to digi	neutral
so i gave up on buying tix to slay bells in december. then ic the creativecollab tour and find out it is digi. twitteraddr is following me man	positive
digimon... digi... mon... digital... monsters! omg! they're digital... monsters! i get it now! and they're the champions!	positive
when digi tour leaves you cause you don't know what 'no' means  httpaddr	neutral
digi is mixing it up tonight, lets get taco!!!!!!! httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr digi was on the numbrth but i didn't go but im going to slaybells	positive
twitteraddr it's our authorized digi specialized store at tesco puchong. you may check with them as well. however, ... httpaddr	neutral
digi with the girls is going to be a disaster tomorrow i can feel the crying already	neutral
if digi isn't the same as last monday am ganna be so unhappy	neutral
is it even possible to go to digi on a monday without getting paralytic	positive
idk if imma survive not tweeting digi tomorrow because a lot of people aren't even tweeting them unless i make them.....	neutral
twitteraddr your own digi number, you may try one of these method :  dial [+] numbr numbr followed by your numbr d... httpaddr	neutral
affirmative on the topc twitteraddr !!! digi's a just a tad excited... httpaddr	neutral
topc topc the best night of my life was february numbr, where i almost got to meet you, but i met lots of amazing people! (digi)	positive
twitteraddr r u going to digi tomorrow	neutral
twitteraddr i don't think matt is doing anything with digi for hou/dallas i may be wrong	neutral
twitteraddr gonna pre order. but i don't know if i should get digi. or pys. copies or where to get it. because it may depend	neutral
twitteraddr numbr things -- digi's playing life is strange eps numbr-numbr on monday, and stopping by might spoil it for you unnecessarily, and..	neutral
going to digi on a day which isn't a monday just seems weird and so wrong in many ways.	negative
finally going to go to digi on thursday for results night. ahhhh i can't wait	positive
why is holly trying to guilt me into going to digi tomorrow night	negative
if you see someone getting pummeled to the ground in digi tomorrow it'll be me chinning twitteraddr cause she's a fucking cheeky cunt	negative
"""the only thing good about a monday is digi""- ben tait numbrknumbr..he nas"	positive
i wanna go to digi in houston but my mom said she refuses to give me numbr bucks.. looks like i need a job before sept numbrth	negative
when i go to digi and get a pic with myles and jack g together both kidding my cheek, i may faint ... because that's my goal	positive
the thought of the queue at digi tomorrow is making me upset	negative
going to digi tomorrow, last time i was there it was a numbr man session (me and david) and we ended up in powerhouse, which was certainly fun	positive
why do i have to go down to leeds tomorrow to do some intel training when i could just go to digi and have numbr or maybe numbr/numbr vodkas	neutral
twitteraddr freaking out because im going to digi slaybells toronto and thats gonna be my numbrnd digi of the year httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr now i can't even make a one year appreciation posy about digi tomorrow fml	neutral
such a love hate with relationship with digi. love the monday, hate the tuesday morning	positive
twitteraddr i love so much r u going to digi tour october numbr	positive
twitteraddr hi digi, may i know what are the difference for numbr contract and numbr months contract for  plan only? httpaddr	neutral
topc twitteraddr please please she doesnt have any other way to go digi and see you twitteraddr c'mon her bbday is the day benumbr	positive
twitteraddr i'd be going forever man, order a taxi every monday for me graveyard to digi, buried with knumbr's and that	positive
just had a bad dream about digi mon and you were in it, you left me in asda car park alone too (digi was where pets at home is) twitteraddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr i'm going too!! i'm so excited, did you go to digi on june numbrth??	positive
twitteraddr i have them on i have always had them on and i cried when i found out you were gonna be able to make it to digi tour atl feb numbrst	positive
my mam just bought liam a car but all he's bothered about is going to digi tomorrow night	positive
i may be moving to leeds but no where will beat the songs at digi	positive
boonie bush safari outdoor fishing hiking hunting boating snap brim hat sun cap with neck flap (digi - $numbr.numbr httpaddr	neutral
the good news is that december numbrth i'm going to atlanta for digi so we all good	positive
got a call with digi tomorrow, they want meh	neutral
anyone fancy numbr tickets for nervo at digi on sunday? willing to reduce the price	neutral
got tomorrow off, not going to digi tonight would be rude	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr - not as far as digi knows - would tell people if it was catching up with our high performance mgr tomorrow topc	neutral
twitteraddr my grandma is going to digi with me on sunday pls don't hit on her bc she's hekka fine	neutral
when numbrquad is on digi's sc tomorrow but you break your phone...	neutral
twitteraddr just got twitter, here's me and digi mon httpaddr	positive
who is going to digi tomorrow?!?	positive
twitteraddr please help me get the hotel for digi fest dallas sunday please	positive
whoever is going to digi tomorrow i wish yall to have soo much fun	positive
when digi is tomorrow but you're not going. twitteraddr	negative
screw it i'll just walk to southside ballroom on sunday i don't need ur stupid tix digi	negative
for everyone going to digi tomorrow have a amazing time and please give nash the biggest and tightest hug ever	positive
love how i'm limping and struggling to walk at the moment yet still so determined to go to digi on monday topc	positive
when you don't know what you're wearing to digi &amp; it's tomorrow	positive
can't wait for tomorrow!! twitteraddr twitteraddr i get to meet twitteraddr and i can't even believe it. ready for digi! httpaddr	positive
grant liked my pic about not being able to go to digi tomorrow :( sad sad sad because i miss him	neutral
twitteraddr i hope you have an amazing day tomorrow at digi, love you	positive
aye yo add me on snapchat because im going to be snapchatting everything tomorrow at digi - nicoletrevinonumbr	positive
twitteraddr can i peel it off tomorrow at digi	neutral
bro i hope tomorrow's digi is good cause last time i went it was ok a good experience plus i got electrocuted by a wall charger	positive
who's going to digi fest tomorrow and wants to hang out??	neutral
the lucky $numbr bills will be joining me at digi tomorrow	positive
twitteraddr are u going to digi tomorrow	positive
to anyone that is going to digi tomorrow can you please tell nash that i love him... please	positive
so confused to why the digi line up for tomorrow says reed deming	neutral
last night may have been my last digi concert for a while. but i had an amazing night. thank you for everything digi. twitteraddr	positive
i'll be impressed if i even make it to digi tomorrow	positive
may get to see you at digi fest!! super hyped :) twitteraddr	positive
twitteraddr tell reed i said thank you for letting me use his portable charger at digi on saturday please!!!!!	positive
twitteraddr after we get our winnings from hiko and koosta im going all in on digi for tomorrow ty hell raiser fangayz	positive
student loan paid in monday. not a chance i won't be going to digi on the nighttime	positive
i'm like a little kid the night before going to disneyland! can't wait to be in topc tomorrow for twitteraddr game! topc topc	positive
i'm sick as fuck but that's not stopping me from going to disneyland  tomorrow	positive
twitteraddr if you guys will be in disneyland tomorrow, can you check out pooh corner please? i would really appreciate it! :)	positive
i literally had actual plans to go to disneyland on thursday and now i don't. this is what the broken heart emoji was made for	neutral
the plan is to go to disneyland tomorrow and wear either an ankle brace or my acl brace to get a front of the line pass topc	positive
living it up in socal! first stop, numbr night market, disneyland tomorrow, and ending with nocturnal wonderland!	positive
best believe i'll be going to disneyland every week starting the numbrth i love halloween time	positive
someone go to disneyland with me starting the numbrth i love halloween time	positive
happy numbrth to the only person who will go meet the princess with me at disneyland ily shae httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr i'm doin good!! i fell at disneyland on tuesday, but i'm alive! haha. went to a csulb event tonight; so much fun!!	positive
disneyland for babes numbrrd birthday, everything's paid for. relax time with my topc	positive
twitteraddr you still down for disneyland on friday?	positive
i'm in love with efteling! like a quirky crazy non-pc version of disneyland. can't wait to go back tomorrow!	positive
today is the first saturday in weeks that i'm not at disneyland. i feel weird. what do i even do?	neutral
my mom was like in december we can get you the disneyland pass again i was like nah numbr of our premiums is numbr premium now. i'll go for free lol	positive
you may not have known this, but disneyland is home to a ton of cats that just live there. you see them lurking around sometimes.	neutral
last day on our disney premier annual passes. gonna get different aps tomorrow. the premier ap is too much hassle when we go to disneyland.	neutral
all i want to do with my life is go to disneyland in october for the halloween theme !!	positive
does anyone wanna go to disneyland lolita day with me??? :ddd october numbr!!	positive
i asked my mom if i could go to disneyland on monday and she asked if lana parrilla was going to be there	positive
i'm going to disneyland!!!!!! see ya guys tues	positive
going to scream and laugh extra loudly tomorrow at disneyland with starli	positive
i want to go to disneyland either tomorrow or monday	positive
if i end up going to disneyland tomorrow i'll be the happiest girl on this planet	positive
mom made me ask for the day off tomorrow cause she had planned to take us to disneyland but now we're not going ))):	negative
i was so close to not going to otra and go to disneyland on the numbrth-numbrth but my parents love me so much. thanks	positive
twitteraddr and i'm going to disneyland on monday so like i can't even go &amp; film !!!	positive
best. day. ever. okay maybe not ever, but it was pretty awesome! zzzzzzzzzz and disneyland tomorrow!!! topc topc	positive
in other news i'm going to disneyland tomorrow	positive
that feeling i used to get when i new i was going to disneyland the next day is how i feel about going to the sparks game tomorrow haha	positive
i want to go to disneyland tomorrow. i'm always there tho.. it's getting creepy. bahahaha	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr sad to not be going to disneyland tomorrow	negative
twitteraddr la county fair on labor day lol. why not just go to disneyland on numbrth of july too while youre at it haha	positive
i remember this one weekend i had seen fat nick n pouya on friday, disneyland on saturday and the beach w my friends on sunday, lit	neutral
anyway me and moonbyul are going to disneyland tomorrow. we might hold hands if i don't chicken out!  httpaddr	positive
am catching a cold, leaving to disneyland on the numbrth	neutral
today twitteraddr is truly one church in multiple locations : the desert, the mountains, the beach, disneyland.... have a great sunday!	positive
i'm going to cali for disneyland on tuesday i don't think i can handle being this excited	positive
twitteraddr are you going to disneyland on the numbrth for dapper day?!	positive
the last time i went to disneyland was on labor day and tomorrow's labor day smh	neutral
my bucket list: make a yearly visit to disneyland in late january and then hang out with my l.a. friends for a week. posted numbr-numbr-numbr.	positive
yay for going to disneyland tomorrow but i'm sad that it won't be halloween decorated yet	positive
i fucking went to disneyland today but they had a marathon going on and one entrance to the park. sat in traffic for almost numbr hours	negative
bella thorne is at disneyland and i'm going the tomorrow not today, wtf.	neutral
roomie and i are moving into our new apartment tomorrow and then going to disneyland in numbr days. httpaddr	positive
"""chris i'm going to disneyland tomorrow"" ""buy me new toy"" ok little one"	positive
been a great day! finished my numbrth overall half marathon this morning at disneyland. topc topc httpaddr	positive
finally going to disneyland tomorrow idc if it's gonna be packed	positive
twitteraddr he's their numbrrd wheel they went to disneyland on a date and machimiya heard that they were going and invited himself	neutral
any body want to meet up at disneyland tomorrow around numbrish-numbrish when i get off of work?	neutral
twitteraddr i'm going to be at disneyland on wed if you have time to pop in. xd	positive
some one come over and come to disneyland with me tomorrow	positive
my dad just asked me if i wanna go to disneyland tomorrow, i'm crying	positive
today was the last day of disneyland's regular space mountain.  as of this friday, it will be space mountain ghost galaxy.	positive
numbr steps may be a personal record. half marathon in morning, disneyland in the afternoon. topc topc	positive
twitteraddr hey we're going to disneyland tomorrow if you wanna join us!	positive
im so tired and dead but im going to disneyland with twitteraddr and twitteraddr tomorrow so :'+)	positive
we are waking up at numbr to go to disneyland tomorrow. wtf whyyyy it's not worth it	negative
anyone want to come to disneyland with twitteraddr and i tomorrow? we have a spot in the car	positive
i think i'm starting to get sick &amp; it's not okay because i'm going to disneyland tomorrow )-:	neutral
annoyed sister still owes me money and shes going to disneyland tomorrow wtf	negative
i wonder what famous person will go to disneyland tomorrow! can chris pratt go so i can stalk him all day	positive
yo i'm going to need all of you to bippity bobbity the fuck out of disneyland on friday so i can throughly enjoy halloween disney thank you	positive
twitteraddr are you still going to disneyland tomorrow?	neutral
following the much publicized outbreak of measles that started in disneyland in california in december, vaccine exemptions have drawn	negative
i had to represent. and we been off and on like ever since. might take you back to disneyland girl i ain't forget.  httpaddr	positive
and tomorrow she wants to go to the movies. and the day after i think we're going to disneyland.	positive
someone just told me this friday is officially halloween time at disneyland and i'm screaming !!!!!!!!!!!!!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	positive
i seriously might just take the fam to disneyland right now and come back in time for work tomorrow. got a stack, why not?	positive
can't wait to get back to the oc in december and watch it snow at disneyland	positive
twitteraddr it was at the bus station all lonely i was sad af but draven n i were at disneyland on friday waiting for the concert lol	negative
anybody with a pass wanna go to disneyland with me tomorrow? lol	neutral
twitteraddr yeah i'm ready for bed. long but fun day at disneyland tomorrow.	positive
saturday i'm just gonna walk into disneyland and then walk right back out.	neutral
i never thought i'd make it to disneyland. it's so amazing to me that i get to go. this will be my numbrth trip and it never feels real.	positive
it's going to be numbr degrees at disneyland tomorrow. so i will pretty much riding small world over and over again, bc it as a/c. lol	positive
i wish i could spend my bday at disneyland. but it's blocked, and it's a holiday, and it's december.	negative
still bitter about not getting to go to disneyland this thursday like wtf you don't tease that kind of stuff	negative
twitteraddr i know i woke up today and ws like i'm going to disneyland in october no matter what so now i am i bought my ticket an hour ago	positive
can we just fast forward to the end of the year and go to disneyland, ball, sun splash and graduate already	neutral
if you're real. go to disneyland tomorrow	positive
i'll be at disneyland tomorrow; if you see us, caw caw or give me a hug &lt;numbr httpaddr	positive
there's such thing as meals with disney characters at disneyland. omg bestnya baby let's have our very own little numbrnd birthday bash!	positive
going to disneyland with twitteraddr and a bunch of friends tomorrow! : d	positive
on this day in numbr, disneyland welcomed its one-millionth guest, just seven weeks after its july numbrth grand opening.httpaddr	positive
trying to book flights from vancouver to disneyland in november. can anyone help with that? best rates? best airline? numbr adults/numbr kids	neutral
who's down for disneyland with twitteraddr and i for my birthday on thursday?!	positive
as happy as i am to be going to disneyland this saturday, i wish i was going next friday for dapper day instead.	positive
"remembering that time i said ""may the force be with you"" to buzz lightyear at disneyland ... topc"	positive
who's going to topc at disneyland next friday? what are you going to wear? httpaddr	positive
that awkward moment when twitteraddr is in disneyland and you're not.. you better be there when i go in november hint hint	positive
i may be a big old grump in places children tend to be but you just can't be a grump at disneyland you're a kid too at disneyland	positive
twitteraddr something always comes up. but yes most definitely oct numbrnd we're going to disneyland! have you seen the paint the night parade?	positive
i should just ditch school tomorrow and go to disneyland	neutral
can i just go to disneyland for my numbrst or is that super lame lol	positive
i really hope i go to disneyland tomorrow just because i didn't do my essay	positive
gonna be at disneyland tomorrow. hella excited. it's been too long. come hang out with me and getter and a bunch of other djs!	positive
night everyone. we will be in beverly hills most of the day tomorrow and then disneyland tomorrow night. love y'all!	positive
family vacation starts today! heading off to disneyland!!!! see you all later, i'll be back on saturday night! xd	positive
turning numbr the thursday before halloween, &amp; i honestly wouldn't mind just going to disneyland lol	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr silent majority: donald trump may be an s.o.b., but he's our s.o.b.  topc america great again!	positive
donald trump may have the answer for america's immigration reform, if we are to survive terrorists attacks from all who are already here.	positive
donald trump tweets:  may i tell you that i'm having a lovely labor day weekend at hugh hefner's place? hef is a gentleman and a friend.	positive
i just spent numbr min scrolling through donald trump's tweets. it is as though i have spent part of sunday visitng a parallel universe.	negative
donald trump - he covers all the bases. httpaddr	positive
republican presidential front-runner donald trump spent plenty of time thursday describing people he likes -- including kanye west and tom	neutral
twitteraddr donald trump is a heavy weight. if he ever fell, it will be a big, tsunami fall. i am afraid he may bulldoze through. topc	neutral
"quote of the day (superb sunday) ""as long as you're going to be thinking anyway, think big."" -- donald trump,... httpaddr"	neutral
quite sure donald trump has really good security that he pays for right now.  httpaddr	neutral
if you haven't had a chance yet, twitteraddr piece is great sunday reading: donald trump: how the myth was made httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr he won't like donald trump calling him a numbrrd rater.  i think he's trying to elevate his profile.	neutral
""" therealpsl starbucks i hate this. just wait until the numbrth "" - donald trump topc topc topc"	negative
"twitteraddr donald trump said the same thing about the tax rate.  fact check said he was a liar ""pant of fire""   httpaddr"	neutral
how donald trump may make ted cruz president httpaddr via twitteraddr	neutral
"twitteraddr it's easy if you're donald trump.  ""i'm the greatest!  the rest are losers and numbrrd rate!"""	negative
"""i will be so good at the military, your head will spin."" -some numbrth grader who wants to be a general or donald trump, presidential candidate"	negative
"prayer requests from sunday mass: ""god, please allow donald trump to win the presidency, so that i will not be going to hell alone"""	negative
muayad sat through an entire republican ad on youtube and now he's calling donald trump daddy :///	negative
twitteraddr please back ted cruz and donald trump protest at white house on wednesday however possible they can't stop it alone we have help them	neutral
donald trump says if you're from syria and a christian, you can't come to the u.s. as a refugee httpaddr via twitteraddr	neutral
neither abc,nbc nor twitteraddr had one panelist favoring the ky clerk or donald trump on sunday!.	neutral
trump to sign republication loyalty pledge: on thursday, donald trump announced that he, too, signed t... httpaddr topc	positive
i can't wait to see donald trump at the american airlines center in dallas on sep numbr. i heard he was numbr ft. tall &amp; bulletproof. topc	positive
donald trump pledges numbr forgo a numbrrd- party run. while chris christie pledges never numbr run let alone jog as he sometimes forgets his nebulizer.	neutral
donald trump may know business but i don't think anyone can fix our debt in numbr years and you can't sell the us	negative
"i may be ""wrong"" as you say for wanting donald trump as our president but at least i don't want hillary clinton topc"	neutral
it was a jab at donald trump, but they both have a d, an n, an a and an r in their names so i get the nyt confusion. httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr the way they are chessing donald trump you would have thought that to race was tomorrow.	neutral
does donald trump know they do tours of the white house? with like people and stuff? people that may or may not have washed their hands?	neutral
httpaddr if you're thinking about voting for donald trump you might want to read this article numbrst	positive
i may not be religious anymore but, i'm really convinced that donald trump is the antichrist	negative
donald trump is that kid that runs for numbrth grade student council that says he'll give everyone a day off from school as if he has authority	negative
topic: donald trump   question: will this be the numbrrd question you answer?  topc   twitteraddr numbr	neutral
had a debate with my aunt about donald trump. i think i may have one! topc	neutral
"""we may not all trust in donald trump. but he is the only choice we have to topc we have to take a stand."" topc"	positive
it's a sunday night and i just turned donald trump into an orc.	negative
in numbr donald trump and jeremy corbyn may be in the same room, discussing us / uk diplomatic relations. imagine that conversation.	negative
donald trump doesn't even know what the quds force is--much less name its leader. worth taking seriously, right? httpaddr	negative
donald trump is going to be in dallas on the numbrth how do i make this not happen	negative
"""numbrst donald trump then kenye west? presidency isn't even about politics anymore it's a damn popularity contest these days..a joke"" - my dad"	negative
he asked u donald trump same questions he'd asked carly just a few days before. she could anser them. you couldn't! httpaddr	negative
meet the chicago millennials who started a donald trump super pac | chicago magazine | httpaddr topc	neutral
and donald trump is just like mlk - what an idiot  httpaddr	negative
donald trump is for real: five things we've learned about the numbr election: httpaddr	neutral
it's time to discuss who donald trump may pick as his vp runningmate. he's been the leader for two straight months. httpaddr	neutral
weird news - pictures of the day: numbr september numbr: donald trump street art, the cascamorras festival and numbr,numbr... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr just read a politico article about who donald trump's running mate might be. tom brady was numbrnd on their list of likely choices.	neutral
twitteraddr is donald trump still coming on the show monday mornings? i didn't see him today. i always started my week watching him.	neutral
donald trump: i will be in d.c. on wednesday,numbr pm, in front of the capitol, to protest the horrible &amp; incompetent deal being made with iran.	negative
whatcha gonna do, when donald trump comes to a city near you brother! he may not have all the answers, but in the past numbr yrs. has mr. obama?	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr thank you, donald trump. you honor our dead by standing against iran deal on numbrth anniversary of numbr/numbr.	positive
if donald trump becomes president? i will leave the country. i'll come back but may visit a few foreign places while americans still can.	negative
if the world doesn't end with the blood moon, and donald trump becomes president, i may need to do something drastic. like go into a coma.	negative
"so what if donald trump is right on some things? like the old saying goes ""the sun will shine on a dog's ass, occasionally."" ;-)"	neutral
donald trump signed a loyalty pledge thursday saying he would not run on a third party ticket if he does not win the republican domination	neutral
got tickets to jimmy fallon for friday, going to see my boy donald trump baby!!!!!	positive
reparations should be made, but c'mon donald trump is the last candidate to support if you want them. httpaddr	positive
i wanna yank off donald trump's toupee but it may bite me	negative
i'm going to protest that lame donald trump on the numbrth...so stoked.	neutral
wow the equally despicable donald trump &amp; terrence howard are going to be on twitteraddr the same night (this fri.) how is that possible?	negative
the urgent need for campaign reform may be the only common ground lefties like me have with donald trump. httpaddr twitteraddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr donald trump:  born on numbrrd base, but now believes that he hit a triple. friend of working man?  no, he's a bum.	negative
new york times columnist paul krugman wrote in a monday column that although he believes donald trump's positions... httpaddr	neutral
i may not be attractive,but we can talk about feminism,racial inequality,how toxic masculinity is,and how donald trump will ruin america :)	negative
why can't the election be this november i don't want to hear about donald trump for another year	negative
free tickets for donald trump at httpaddr the night of sept numbr th at american airlines arena ! going... httpaddr	positive
"""rt lonumbrus_: burgerking may i have permission to make a burgerking trickshotting team please?"" - donald trump topc topc"	neutral
i may not know a lot of things about politics but i do know if donald trump wins, we are in grave danger. this has been a psa	negative
twitteraddr  can's jerry may find a spot on donald trump's team in the us!  this guy is about at the same worse-than-awful level.should fit.	negative
so donald trump is coming to simi valley on the numbrth. cool.	neutral
the only person who could put this country back together &amp; reinforce it as a secular state is donald trump httpaddr	positive
tomorrow, i have to present a numbr page short story to my class. what did i write about? stealing donald trump's comb. topc	negative
when donald trump called undocumented immigrants criminals and rapists he may have actually meant christopher columbus. the original.	negative
twitteraddr if the communist twitteraddr likes donald trump, i may have to rethink things.	negative
you are the equivalent to block game donald trump httpaddr	negative
donald trump is coming to dallas next monday. just wanted to put that out there..	neutral
sure but you still clogging on donald trump's shrolong ding dong monday's through thursday's so relax  httpaddr	negative
bitch... you sayen space just a sunday cruise away... some dumb sheet, this why donald trump gunna be president... httpaddr	negative
vote jessica mcginnis numbrth grade homecoming princess and i will personally try to slap donald trump in the face	negative
greentech media when donald trump inevitably becomes president and turns the white house into a mar-a-lago... httpaddr	negative
odds on donald trump becoming next us president and jeremy corbyn becoming next uk pm now just numbr/numbr with twitteraddr - numbr/numbr in july	neutral
if donald trump expects to keep his lead he may want to head on down to kentucky and stand behind kim davis. i... httpaddr	neutral
republican club meets tomorrow. that's where you complain about obama and praise donald trump and his hypocritical thoughts.	negative
donald trump is speaking here tomorrow so a bunch of gw students are going to protest and i'm totally going who has sign/rhyme ideas	negative
refugees from syria may form the next wave of immigrants to the us, so donald trump probably wants to build a wall between the us and syria.	neutral
who wants to pregame the donald trump rally on wednesday	neutral
and remember: donald trump said recently he supports affirmative action.  httpaddr	neutral
republican hopeful carly fiorina said monday that she feels like the only candidate going after hillary clinton and asked why donald trump	neutral
"donald trump may ""say it like it is"" but what is the likelihood that he would have a cooperative congress, caller? twitteraddr"	neutral
twitteraddr  donald trump will tilt the planet away from the sun. it'll be marvelous and you're gonna love it.	positive
topc donald trump: i felt like i was in the military: donald trump may never have actually served in the mi... httpaddr	negative
i'll be at the donald trump rally next monday at the aac.	positive
i am ready to consider the possibility that donald trump holds a higher opinion of himself than the facts may, at times, warrant.	negative
donald trump for president...  because if the gop was going to be the butt of jokes anyway, they may as well embrace the roll.	negative
tom brady supports donald trump. therefore he's gonna throw numbr pics and pull his hamstring on thursday night.	negative
"twitteraddr coming november, numbr-the president: donald trump"" the ultimate scary movie if you ask me."	negative
the democrat party may be finished if black americans are waking up to the reality of how donald trump shall... httpaddr	negative
"i can't wait for donald trump to get elected president and then end the oath of office with ""live from new york, it's saturday night!"""	positive
"""republican front-runner donald trump said friday he would consider allowing the u.s. to accept some of the displaced refugees."" cuck."	neutral
tomorrow, presidential candidates ted cruz and donald trump are heading up a rally in our nation's capital opposing the obama-iran deal.	neutral
once more us foreign policy messes up m. east by flirting with erdogan: turkey soon may be the new pakistan. thanks! httpaddr	negative
"topc turkey's erdogan: peace with kurds ""impossible"": ed adamczykankara, turkey, july numbr (upi) -- turkish pres... httpaddr"	negative
erdogan called on tuesday for parliament to lift the immunity from prosecution of lawmakers from the kurdish party  httpaddr	neutral
wait, people are surprised erdogan was covertly riding the isis tiger? that's just dumb. httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr erdogan is a pure nutcase, we all should've seen this a coming, kick turkey out of nato. may god bless the people of kurdistan	negative
erdogan was due to meet with chinese president xi jinping on wednesday afternoon following a formal welcoming ceremony.	neutral
erdogan: peace process with kurdish militants impossible  httpaddr	negative
"""erdogan is trying to achieve the result he failed to in the june numbr election in a political coup"" httpaddr"	negative
erdogan may be about to take his push for power to a whole new level, and is drawing u.s. and nato into his game	negative
from tonight's cctv numbrpm news report it sounds like erdogan may have gotten a bit of a lecture from xi &amp; pals today httpaddr	neutral
"""erdogan is taking topc to war to win an election. this may be the biggest miscalculation of his political career"" httpaddr"	negative
erdogan allowed isis to build a network of safe houses in turkey. he now may reap the reward. httpaddr httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr erdogan the son of jews like his grand father mustafa kamal ata turk (may allah curse him)	negative
twitteraddr it may be heading this way thanks to erdogan's monumental mistakes	negative
erdogan to hold talks with nawaz during stopover topc twitteraddr topc topc httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
turkey is pretending to fight isis but target kurds! erdogan wants to eliminated them like turkey did with armenians httpaddr	negative
i noticed erdogan standing in that mosque whilst the rest were kneeling. interesting snapshot is all i'm saying. httpaddr	negative
to erdogan, the prospect of an independent kurdish state is more frightening than rampaging islamists. topc topc httpaddr	negative
us deal with turkey over isis may go beyond simple use of an airbase httpaddr erdogan arms isis&amp;nato allows it!	neutral
twitteraddr erdogan cannot be allowed to get away with what he is doing.he lost the june numbrth election and now is seeking to undermine it all	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr if erdogan still thinks that turkey may join the eu, i think he might be dreaming. won't happen	negative
note that it was kurdish pol movement  on june numbr dashed erdogan's dreamsnumbrintroduce an executive presidential system httpaddr	neutral
may allah (swt) purify erdogan's intentions.  he is indeed a gem of the ummah.  may he strive upon the qur'an and the sunnah. ameen	positive
"twitteraddr if you say ""renewed election"" it means you don't accept numbr june's result as erdogan does. correct terms is ""early elections"""	neutral
excellent, on how erdogan's decision to attack the pkk may drive it and the pyd towards iran httpaddr via twitteraddr	neutral
"obama's new book title: ""numbr years in the lap of erdogan: how i helped islamo-fascists kill innocent people""  httpaddr"	negative
current propaganda against erdogan in many ways comparable to the western enmity shown towards abdulhamid the numbrnd. httpaddr	neutral
not much mention of foreign policy in the gop ad tonight. wonder if any of them even know how to pronounce erdogan? httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr dear david, i hope erdogan's mentors won't translate into the turkish ,otherwise he may use it against egpytian leader :)	negative
twitteraddr pkk may revoke all plans of erdogan. for example, it can stop killing.	negative
the road to erdogan's new sultanate is paved with blood: httpaddr	negative
times in turkey's holiday resorts. it may one of the advices: keep your distance from erdogan's forces (so police). topc	neutral
httpaddr numbr dead in key syrian border town due to major isis offensive in collaboration with erdogan and turkey.	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr yo bro we may as well just leave it   alhamdulilah turkish government is run by erdogan	negative
this is the numbrth time erdogan talking to mukhtars httpaddr	neutral
here come the new elections in turkey where erdogan may win big this time httpaddr	neutral
erdogan may see possibilities in the chaos as turkey heads toward fresh elections: httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr this may unrelated to erdogan: some quid-pro-quo with russia that we know nothing about.	neutral
i feel pity for erdogan and some other kuffar when i see them. like don't you know what path your taking? may allah guide us all ameen	neutral
a guardian article thinks erdogan is the prime minister of turkey &amp; apparently tr sees all kurds as a threat not pkk httpaddr	negative
breaking prophecy news:  today, i present to you the numbr horns of the false prophet. yesterday friday, erdogan was... httpaddr	negative
significant part of the migration crisis is caused by turkey punishing europe for the cold shoulder given to erdogan httpaddr	negative
this will probably help erdogan in the new elections. httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr an erdogan hater wouldn't be an akp voter in the numbrst place. especially when erdogan is out of the party now.	negative
twitteraddr erdogan won't appoint kilicdaroglu until saturday. afterwards it will already be too late for a new round of negotiations!	negative
turkey's erdogan takes gamble with new elections: file - in this sunday, may numbr, numbr file photo, a turk... httpaddr topc	neutral
west should be ashamed of alliance with erdogan who from july numbr is exterminating the kurdish people! topc topc httpaddr	negative
i'm of the opinion that there may be a military coup in turkey. there are similarities between erdogan &amp; menderes. httpaddr	negative
erdogan has waged war on the kurds to stir up the nationalist vote for his next snap election in november.  topc	negative
so cynical of the electoral board to make preparations for snap polls on nov. numbr as pres. erdogan refuses to give gov-forming mandate to chp.	negative
really not a good thing in the current regional context. erdogan's playing with fire httpaddr	negative
erdogan's gamble on bombing the kurds may backfire in coming election httpaddr topc httpaddr	negative
erdogan has drowned a country in blood for votes at the ballot box httpaddr	negative
not to be outdone by the neighbours, erdogan is now holding his own snap election, this time on november numbr	neutral
so it is official but no surprise: erdogan announces turkey to go to new round of elections on november numbrst.	neutral
erdogan says he wil call snap turkey election on nov numbr topc httpaddr	neutral
erdogan says he will call snap turkey election on nov numbr httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
erdogan says he will call snap httpaddr via twitteraddr twitteraddr topc topc topc httpaddr	neutral
erdogan, ak party set to keep grip with interim turkish cabinet: ankara, aug numbr (reuters) - president tayyip e... httpaddr	neutral
november turkish snap election very linked to this (and the gnumbr). high stakes game by erdogan httpaddr	neutral
erdogan wants new election nov. numbr: turkish president appears to be betting that a vote could revive the fortun... httpaddr	neutral
turkey to hold snap polls on nov numbr: erdogan: turkish president recep tayyip erdogan announced friday he would ... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr i saw that the other day.maybe with more time on monday we can get more into it.. that damn erdogan! hope it blows up in	negative
twitteraddr very possibly he is right. erdogan in low hours crises may have used isis to win nationalists votes attacking kurdish	negative
if, erdogan the terrorist, does not get removed and abdullah ocalan does not get released by august numbr, turkey will be sliced in two	negative
even the security forces do not want this war on kurds. erdogan is a brutal dictator in the making.  httpaddr	negative
turkey's erdogan fights for his throne by battling kurds: turkey went to the polls on june numbr, but a new govern...  httpaddr	neutral
"twitteraddr twitteraddr may not have been obama. maybe the ""administration"" whatever that is. tells you us keeping distance from erdogan"	neutral
topc reuters reporting that erdogan is calling for fresh parliamentary elections on nov numbrst - ahead of numbr meeting with davutoglu tmrw.	neutral
"erdogan ""knows that the dec. numbr and numbr corruption operations hang like a sword of damocles""  httpaddr"	negative
sources from erdogan's office said he would meet prime minister ahmet davutoglu at numbr am (numbr gmt) on tuesday. httpaddr	neutral
topc supreme election board announced the date for snap elections as nov numbr, same date previously declared by 'supreme leader' erdogan.	neutral
turkey: erdogan tasks davutoglu with interim govt - until early vote november numbr. historic wait for kurdish entranc... httpaddr	neutral
erdogan says he isn't running for election and then adds: on nov numbrst, we will vote for stability or not.	neutral
erdogan rates call counter says this was his first since april numbr and the numbrnd one since he met cenbank gov. basci march numbr.	neutral
twitteraddr ..as the numbrst november election nears erdogan may dither &amp; push us to do this difficult task &amp; take the blame httpaddr	negative
topc is turkey's erdogan right to think he'll win november's snap election? httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
what will happen if and when the outcome of the election is unfavorable for erdogan? httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
so tomorrow when i turn on the news, i want to hear good stuff, like how erdogan is hanging from his balls with his penis in his mouth.	negative
anyone up for an internet pool on when the russian pilots shoot down the numbrst turkish aircraft? erdogan, may wimp out &amp; ground his aircraft.	negative
recep tayyip erdogan's gamble may not solve turkey poll impasse: less than five months after the last legislat... httpaddr	negative
turkish police raid media group critical of erdogan: turkish police on tuesday staged a major swoop on the ank... httpaddr	neutral
good timing. we *need* you there to keep an eye on erdogan... httpaddr	neutral
erdogan wants to silence critical media ahead of the november elections. twitteraddr	negative
less than numbr months after the last legislative elections  erdogan's gamble may not solve turkey poll impasse... httpaddr	neutral
may allah bless erdogan with wisdom and capacity to move forward.  httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr there is no crisis in turkey, erdogan managed the politics and take to elections numbrst nov.  democracy works..	neutral
twitteraddr  i have not read the links yet, will do. agree erdogan is problem, turkish people not stupid.  may not last til election.	negative
reduction ad erdoganum: op-ed on the unbearable lightness of blaming erdogan for all that troubles turkey, up next monday in twitteraddr	neutral
it is reality that isis are on the march in turkey and erdogan can't wait to receive them with open arms httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr in the moment kurds do may be what erdogan wants, but akp is responsible f. killing civilians	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr pkk broke the truce july numbr by a declaration and then murdering policemen but erdogan is warmonger. yeah right	negative
"award winning twitteraddr is accused of ""insulting erdogan"" he may face up to numbr.numbr years in prison. shame on topc httpaddr"	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr but remember, erdogan is obama's bff. numbrst foreign leader he called when elected.	neutral
twitteraddr i think that evrything erdogan says right now in public is calibrated towrds the nov election.	neutral
erdogan's election gambit - provoking conflict with topc - may backfire. topc  httpaddr	neutral
erdogan comments on recent escalation of violence: our public will (punish) some people for it on (elex day) nov. numbr httpaddr	negative
erdogan is bringing the country to disaster. hope turkish voters will be able to disavow his crazy policies on numbr nov. httpaddr	negative
"turkish nationalists warn erdogan with colored-revolution. ""if erdogan continues with his plots &amp; traps,we may have to march to his palace."""	negative
one akp mp said on sunday that whatever the result of the upcoming snap elections will be, they will make erdogan president.	neutral
anyone have a track ticket to the eric church concert friday? twitteraddr	positive
guess who may be recording the song i wrote? yeah, eric church. just got done talkin to him &amp; his head stage guy. should know within a week	positive
my iowa people, who is going to eric church on friday at the jones county fair???	neutral
"i really hope eric church covers ""thunder road"" and ""born to run"" tomorrow. that would make my night!"	positive
i'd like to go see eric church tomorrow. friends make it happen	positive
when you have the best boyfriend ever.... back stage passes to eric church in september twitteraddr	positive
toby keith tonight  eric church tomorrow state baseball saturday  shania twain sunday  it's going to be a good weekend!!!	positive
who wants to go see eric church with me and twitteraddr tomorrow!?! $numbr admission plus some extra for food and gas	positive
i would definitely be okay with eric church playing springsteen at least numbr times tomorrow night.  topc	positive
really want to go to eric church tomorrow..	positive
eric church on the radio &amp; its casual friday. life is good man	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr i'm working the eric church concert the numbrth no way i can make opening morning practice	neutral
riverfront park is almost open with eric church on july numbrth. read the numbr things you need to know before going! httpaddr	positive
dude i'm with just won tim mcgraw tickets for tomorrow on our way to eric church	positive
drink in my hand by eric church is the perfect song for leaving work on friday	positive
note to self for tomorrow: come to tim mcgraw much earlier than you did for eric church... the track entrance is moving slow.	positive
fun night for everyone that remembered the concert.. right derek? @ numbrst luthern eric church httpaddr	positive
i'm ready for thursday and eric church with twitteraddr	positive
any of my friends have ne magical powers to get me numbr tix to see eric church this thursday? will pay cash... need to make the wifey smile....	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr have you guys got ur eric church tix yet? prices go up august numbrst	neutral
pretty much all i will listen to on my drive to nashville tomorrow is tom petty, hootie and the blowfish, george strait, and eric church	positive
twitteraddr will be the subject of a country music hall of fame cameo exhibition. 'eric church: inside the outsider' opens sept. numbr.	neutral
here, have this picture of eric church that i took from the pit in honor of topc see ya friday! httpaddr	positive
may be the only person around here who really doesn't like bdubs or eric church.	neutral
it just hit me that i'm seeing eric church acoustic in nashville tomorrow. topc	positive
who's in the pit for eric church's acoustic show on the nashville riverfront tomorrow night?? this guy	positive
i have two tickets for eric church tomorrow night at the new amphitheater if anyone is interested	positive
can you believe tomorrow is opening night? who's going to see eric church?? topc httpaddr	positive
going to see eric church on august numbr if anyone is interested in going	positive
gonna be a beautiful weekend in the south..poker run on old hickory and possibly eric church at the new ascend amphitheater fri and sat!!	positive
eric church for the numbrth time tonight! this time it's acoustic only... oh my god.	positive
anybody want tickets to eric church tomorrow night in nashville? numbr each	neutral
twitteraddr eric church opening the brand new venue downtown tonight and tomorrow. tomorrow dolly at ryman. shania at bridgestone. insanity	positive
eric church tonight and tomorrow downtown numbr nights in a row i think yes	positive
nashville will be rocking downtown with numbr concerts tomorrow night, dolly parton. shania twain, eric church and the monkeys!! numbr venues	positive
eric church plays new *never heard before* song about his son in nashville july numbrth. performance here httpaddr	positive
friday night with eric church!! httpaddr	positive
"kicking off saturday with eric church on austin city limits. free download but expires tonight. definitely ""x"" country."	positive
'eric church' appeared on friday numbr at the numbrth place in the topnumbr of nashville's trends: httpaddr topc	positive
"""it's not about what you did yesterday or what you're doing tomorrow...it's about the right here, right now.""  - eric church"	positive
start monday morning with a new song from eric church! httpaddr httpaddr	positive
eric church  friday night with my wife twitteraddr topc topc httpaddr	positive
"your only ""live and local"" country station in the triangle, twitteraddr was the numbrst to make this huge concert announcement. eric church numbr raleigh!"	positive
always a good day with eric church topc  httpaddr	positive
you may be cool, but you'll never be eric church has a cup holder on his mic stand cool httpaddr	positive
topc keith urban with eric church ...... omg. i may die	positive
eric church could get it today, tomorrow or even yesterday	positive
twitteraddr saw him in indy with eric church, brantley &amp; others. numbrst act started twitteraddr and kenny started around numbr.	positive
anybody wanna go see eric church august numbrth at the state fair with me????	positive
twitteraddr eric church has to play springsteen, chattanooga style when he hits ford field in detroit aug numbrnd!	positive
hard to be excited about eric church at wefest for the numbrrd time in numbr years. does literally no one else want to headline?!	negative
it's a sunny sausagefest saturday afternoon but if we are going numbr make it numbr church on time it's time to slow up the pace! eric church numbrnight	positive
a so to twitteraddr for the most amazing night twitteraddr eric church and then theafter party. tomorrow twitteraddr and twitteraddr	positive
i think the numbrth wonder of the world would be is kip moore and eric church writing and performing a song together	positive
made $numbr in tips tonight, my dad's fixing my car tomorrow, &amp; i'm buying my eric church ticket soon, i guess my moods a little better.	positive
eric church is headlining a festival in raleigh on october numbr &amp; numbr and i may or may not be the happiest person ever right now	positive
have you snagged your tickets to see kenny chesney and eric church at ford field on august numbr? httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr cqnumbr: as much as i'd want to say the numbrst julie roberts or eric church's live album, appetite by gnr is my answer. topc	neutral
yo, if you paid $numbr-$numbr to go see eric church at the state fair...may the lord have mercy on your souls.	negative
twitteraddr i want to see you guys at the topc on sept numbr but not eric church.... topc	positive
i wish every day was october numbrth numbr because i miss eric church	positive
"""she looks nice! it says she loves sleeping in on saturdays, college fb games, not acting her age, and good bbq"" ""mar that's eric church.."""	positive
selling two tickets for kenny chesney, chase rice, brantley glibert, and eric church for this saturday. hmu if you're interested	neutral
the great new york state fair starts on august numbr and opens with concerts by everclear, eric church and rick... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr morning huda. happy friday.wishing everyone a great weekend. could you play wrecking ball for eric church. thanks.	positive
when eric church sings hell on the heart tomorrow i will cry. there's no doubt about it.	positive
can't wait to see eric church, kenny chesney  brantley gilbert and chase rice tomorrow with twitteraddr !	positive
honestly the only reason i wanted to go to the keely chesney concert tomorrow is to see eric church and brantley gilbert	neutral
who's going to kenny and eric church tomorrow and wants to tailgate with twitteraddr and i?	positive
carolina by eric church may be the best song ever written	positive
the wolf is howling as the eric church concert is thursday night at the fair!!  we have more tickets!   listen tomorrow afternoon with skip!	positive
kevin hart...state fair...eric church to finish off august the right way	positive
looking forward to eric church thursday, dustin lynch sept numbrth with  twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr and conrad. then sdw oct. numbr-numbr	positive
hearing eric church may be at the kenny chesney concert at gilette saturday holy shitballs!!!!!! and we have insanely close seats yeahhh!!	positive
i have till thursday to know every damn word to every damn song eric church is going to sing	negative
eric church was absolutely amazing last saturday...he never disappoints httpaddr	positive
i just need it to be sept numbrth go see eric church and then spend the rest of my weekend up my cabin with my best friend...	positive
last chance!!! i have numbr eric church tickets for tomorrow night at the state fair. please text or message me if interested!	positive
friday night cruising through tennessee, listening to eric church with my love topc	positive
thursday i was at eric church, last night i was at oar, tonight i'm in my pajamas already watching cars. rock star life.	positive
twitteraddr it's good! drink in my hand- eric church may be about my life though.. topc	positive
anyone going to the eric church concert on saturday?	positive
what dreams forget, the whisky remembers. kinda like molasses in late december, justa creepin'. - eric church.	positive
you may not know this, but before he was a famous country star . . . eric church was a knife salesman.  he talked... httpaddr	positive
do you even eric church bruh??? httpaddr	neutral
anyone wanna go to the eric church concert saturday at buckeye lakes i'll provide a ride just buy you're ticket	positive
ready to fall in love with eric church on saturday	positive
all i really want is to eric church to play carolina on friday	neutral
whoever is going to see eric church's like a wrecking ball live this saturday i hate you	negative
can't wait to see eric church tomorrow with twitteraddr ! topc topc	positive
no doubt my mom will either faint or take her top off when she meets eric church tomorrow	positive
sooo i'll be seeing thomas rhett tomorrow night. eric church the following night	positive
let's see how many couples are going to start dry humping when eric church sings wrecking ball tomorrow topc	positive
rocking out the eric church. typical friday night httpaddr	positive
pictures: eric church performs friday at the great allentown fair httpaddr twitteraddr httpaddr	positive
floatin soaking up some sun n some eric church. can it get any better than this?	positive
laying out in the sun with eric church and the lake in the background topc topc topc	positive
my saturday night with eric church httpaddr	neutral
take me back to friday night to the eric church concert	positive
dierks bentley and eric church at twitteraddr happy numbrnd birthday to me! is it july yet?	positive
murray has given it his all, which wasn't expected after the last few days he has had but federer just unbreakable. tb numbrnd set. topc	positive
federer stays winning. into the finals tomorrow.	positive
federer beats murray numbr-numbr, numbr-numbr(numbr) to reach topc final. he'll be going for his numbrth title vs novak djokovic, who is going for his first	positive
way to go roger. old man federer just keeps rolling along. topc v. topc for the final tomorrow. topc	positive
djokovic v federer should be good one tomorrow. fancy the swiss, can't see djokovic coming back if he falls behind in this one.	positive
twitteraddr the news should be federer qualifies for numbrth cincinnati final. not murray knocked out.	neutral
federer will play another final tomorrow. this guy is just amazing. topc	positive
excited for the federer vs. djokovic final in cincinnati tomorrow afternoon. should be some great tennis!	positive
serena punches her ticket to the finals in straight sets. joins djokovic and federer in tomorrow's topc singles finals. decent trio.	positive
my preview of the western &amp; southern open final on sunday between djokovic and federer for twitteraddr httpaddr	neutral
iaaf world champs, super sunday bpl, la liga, federer vs djojk cincy final. best sporting day for ages.	neutral
so djokovic beats federer and murray stays at no numbr. mon the djoker! topc	neutral
djokovic looks physically better than against goffin &amp; dolgopolov, he may beat federer today; probably he played only numbr-numbr% in previous rds	neutral
federer will have to serve into the sun here.	neutral
djokovic up numbr-numbr in the numbrst set.  federer leads djokovic in all-time tiebreaks, numbr-numbr.  topc	neutral
love this new trick that federer has when he is facing a numbrnd serve. running up to the serve line and taking it early is unreal!	positive
some outrageous shots from federer in the tiebreak. the clean half volley return of a djokovic numbrnd serve just about the best of them.	positive
federer will be numbrnd seed at twitteraddr if he wins this. djokovic aiming to become numbrst player to win all numbr masters numbr tournaments topc	neutral
federer takes the opener numbr-numbr(numbr) against djokovic. better player in the set &amp; winning plenty behind the numbrnd serve. httpaddr	neutral
federer breaks early in the numbrnd set! even consolidates the break! up numbr-numbr! topc topc topc	positive
federer's a man with a mission... numbrth one coming.. topc	positive
tiger, federer, serena, the niners (eesh about those guys), and some cold tx brews. laaazzzy birthday sunday.	positive
for the numbrst time, federer has beaten no.numbr and no.numbr players in the atp rankings in consecutive matches en route to a title. topc	positive
federer is my numbrnd fave male tennis player of all time right after the great arthur ashe.	positive
has federer shocked murray and djokovic with his turbo-charged aggression? will they respond? new podcast tomorrow httpaddr	neutral
what a great day for world sport: usain got his numbrth gold, federer claimed cincinnati title no numbr and i pumped some weights. topc	positive
new twitteraddr tomorrow, reviewing federer, serena and the pre us open storylines. this is what we sound like httpaddr	positive
add to the results, federer over djokovic  and lewis hamilton, and it's not a bad sunday at all!	positive
numbrrd of august was such a nice day, england lift ashes, bolt won numbr m and federer beats djokovic in cincinati.	positive
"""papa you need a hat"" thus said one of federer's twin girls.......congrats again for winning cinci for the numbrth time twitteraddr"	positive
federer overtakes lendl for second longest streak of being seeded at the us open in the open era. numbrth straight year. connors leads with numbr.	positive
you're going novak end of the year, and federer arrives httpaddr	neutral
are they holding the davis cup semi at the us open?! twitteraddr v twitteraddr , numbrst round. later: anderson, wawrinka, federer, djokovic?	neutral
twitteraddr looks clear cut for federer though. but numbr sets may be a critical   variable when he plays against stan or murray	positive
all though federer will probably obliterate the numbrth quarter i think gasquet numbr/numbr looks big topc	positive
twitteraddr i believe federer has a good chance of winning the title for the numbrth time but he needs to hold his composer against djokovic!	positive
federer is looking good after winning cincy for the numbrth time.	positive
federer back for numbrth us open: federer hopes his us open first-round encounter against the argentine goes much... httpaddr	positive
you'll love this. twitteraddr topc federer, murray, serena, djokovic. its got it all. topc  httpaddr	positive
tennis-tough tests from the start for federer, murray: new york, aug numbr (reuters) - roger federer and andy mur... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr novak is surely the man to beat. federer or murray may run him to the base line. the usual suspects.	positive
i believe topc could win a numbrrd topc title if he can make it to the semifinals at least because of federer, murray, etc. topc	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr  the u.s. open is rockin..nadal tonite, federer tomorrow	positive
how to watch federer and murray on tuesday at the numbr us open: roger federer will begin his numbr us open on t... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr federer faced the highest ranked guy in rnumbr. his draw is tricky. so is murray's.if fed reaches the qfs, then he may meet berdy.	positive
i'll go to the office numbrh hour earlier and watch federer's game tomorrow!	positive
yes, federer's attacking return is brilliant.  but yes, it's a play club players can do too, esp. off weak and predictable numbrnd serves	positive
not going to be able to watch federer's match vs darcis but expect to wake up tomorrow to read of a comprehensive victory for the swiss.	positive
twitteraddr federer is about to begin his numbrnd round. go watch it.	positive
darcis stops the bleeding by winning his numbrst game since numbr-numbr in the first serve. well, one kind of bleeding because federer's still leading.	positive
federer is about to be done with his match in the same time the numbrth set of the hewitt vs. tomic match takes!	positive
jo konta's win over muguruza was the longest ever women's topc match &amp; the numbrst set alone lasted as long as federer's entire match! woah!	positive
federer defeats darcis numbr-numbr numbr-numbr numbr-numbr to advance to numbrrd round at the twitteraddr accomplishing a perfect numbr-numbr in numbrnd round	positive
last year, majority of the federer matches took place primetime.  this year, it's the other way around.  numbrnd on ashe tomorrow	positive
twitteraddr i keep trying to book as soon as i learn when federer's playing - too late. nosebleed seats for numbrth round (!) going at $numbr.	positive
the numbrst week of the numbr topc is almost up &amp; the big names of serena, venus, djokovic, murray, federer &amp; wawrinka are still in the draw.	positive
twitteraddr i may have never seen a player play a higher tennis level than i just saw, nadal, federer and djokovic included. make no mistake,	positive
fognini is i believe only the numbrrd one to beat nadal numbr or more times in a year - the others (no points for guessing) federer and djokovic.	positive
most masters numbr titles (numbr) numbrnd most grand slam titles (numbr tied with sampras after federer's numbr)	neutral
federer breaks the kohlschreiber serve!! federer is on red hot form &amp; doesnt look like stopping. fed leads numbr-numbr in the numbrst set topc	positive
good starts for federer and stosur. berdych level at numbr-numbr after winning the numbrnd set!	positive
wow, tragic start from federer in the numbrrd	positive
just like in the numbrnd, federer breaks back.	positive
just got to watch federer win numbr consecutive points to get the decisive break in the numbrrd set before mom snatched the remote citing god!	neutral
roger while having trouble with serve, he is still through to numbrth round! federer might face isner in numbrth round	positive
numbr time twitteraddr champion federer defeats numbrth seed kohlschreiber and he's through to the last numbr to play numbrth seed isner or vesely! topc	neutral
federer is through to his numbrth straight numbrth round at the us open. he's numbr-numbr with two other wins by walkover. httpaddr	neutral
"shriver to federer suggesting that he not use the sabr vs. isner ""you want to have your numbrrd set of twins i'm sure.""  interview ended there."	neutral
twitteraddr i concur with your coach. its you! topc good luck tomorrow against federer!	positive
federer is gonna be playing in the championship on the first sunday of the nfl season. tough decisions	neutral
federer defeats kohlschreiber numbr-numbr numbr-numbr numbr-numbr to go through to the numbrth round twitteraddr	positive
us open: federer,sania and bopanna cruise into next round: federer defeated kohlschreiber for the numbrth time to... httpaddr	neutral
federer's next match is going to be the numbrst obstacle he faces on his way to the finals. his first serve needs to be on point against isner.	neutral
survey: federer has ostensibly the toughest numbrth round match, but is there a tougher one? does isner win a set? does rba?	neutral
federer advances into fourth round at us open: in the blazing new york sun, federer seems to be in his element... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr beep beep...! yep, murray and federer into the top numbr. phew! :) see you tomorrow!	positive
twitteraddr which men's match do you think they will play on the wednesday night slot?  federer, djokovic, or murray!?	neutral
monday at the us open: murray, federer &amp; konta are all in action at flushing meadows today httpaddr httpaddr	positive
federer's second serve placement is awesome. that's why he's the best server ever. nobody has better placement on numbrst or numbrnd serve	positive
gonna have to dvr this isner and federer match... this thing is good. getting ready to head to a tiebreaker in the numbrst set. topc	positive
federer saved numbr bp (from numbr/numbr) and holds for numbr-numbr in the numbrnd set.	positive
'sneak attack by roger' (sabr) causing errors this game for federer. may be it's isner's height topc	neutral
ok time to check back in with tennis - isner and federer heading into a numbrnd tiebreak	positive
federer just ended the numbrnd set with a couple of ridiculously good shots.	positive
federer rebounds from numbr-numbr down in the numbrnd set tb to take it numbr-numbr. leads isner. numbr-numbr(numbr) numbr-numbr(numbr) topc	positive
"i watched federer calmly destroy a dude at the us open on thursday, and it was amazing. i still thought ""you're not sick of this dude yet?"""	positive
i believe the loss at rg to wawrinka was first time in a decade federer didn't break once in a gs match. this might be the numbrnd. topc	positive
that ending of numbrnd set tb by federer, he really is the original son of jor-el	positive
wow, federer wastes numbr bps with numbr isner's numbrnd serves. fed numbr/numbr on bps tonight	positive
federer's numbrst serve is just...perfect. topc	positive
federer just won his numbrth straight point on his serve... lol wow	positive
in french open qf, federer didn't break serve -- numbrst time in slam match in numbr years. tonight he breaks for numbrst time in his last return game.	neutral
i out of numbr breakpts converted-not nearly good enough by federer at topc . c'mon, deliciano, you can beat novak- believe !	negative
disappointing end to the match for isner. would've liked to see a numbrrd set tiebreak but federer is a robot. he's ridiculous.	negative
twitteraddr it's weird that in the numbrst set federer &amp; isner went game for game until the tiebreak. then federer trucked him in the tiebreak	positive
federer breaks his own record with a numbrth appearance at the atp finals after reaching the us qf topc httpaddr	positive
with his consistency in playing great tennis, i am sure federer will crush gasquet in the qf. c'mon federer!! httpaddr	positive
us open: anderson ends murray's hope, federer, wawrinka rolls on: new york, sept numbr : kevin anderson, the world... httpaddr	neutral
.twitteraddr honing his game on pnumbr court for his match with federer tomorrow. topc httpaddr	positive
"""federer plays tomorrow, so i guess i won't talk to you until thursday because you'll be busy drooling"" topc topc"	positive
i think i may have popped my ear drums and a vain in my head from singing along to fleetwood mac very loudly down the parkway topc	positive
"can't listen to fleetwood mac's ""not that funny"" without feeling like it's being sung by a petulant numbrth grader."	negative
three bands who could have challenged twitteraddr : numbrst jeff beck group, free and fleetwood mac (with peter green).	positive
need your love so bad by fleetwood mac is topc in the sun, lancaster.  download it now at httpaddr	positive
it may look like im going to hard to trap music while driving right now but i assure you i'm listening to fleetwood mac	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr we may have had a small fleetwood mac style party in your yard but it's okay we invited the neighbors lolol	positive
just said farewell to a bottle of glenlivet in the company of fleetwood mac. adieu mon cheri!	positive
as i bid you all good night why not end your saturday evening with waylon jennings covering fleetwood mac. night. httpaddr	positive
sunday night indoors spinnin' fleetwood mac on the turntable.	positive
sat in the garden listening to some fleetwood mac. living the dream.	positive
bit a fleetwood mac on a sunny sunday will go hand in hand with a desperados. httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr sunny sunday, fleetwood mac, community shield...mate you've got it all wrong lol.	neutral
listening to fleetwood mac and having my candles lit is the perfect sunday evening	positive
regretting not going to fleetwood mac in june	neutral
the genre-a-day for aug numbr is mellow gold with music by billy joel, don henley, fleetwood mac and more  httpaddr	neutral
rumours have it that fleetwood mac may be playing at twitteraddr topc	positive
tango in the night by fleetwood mac was no.numbr in the uk album charts on numbr august numbr	positive
a customer may or may not have just walked in on me crumping to fleetwood mac. topc topc	neutral
sports programme theme tunes were a topic on the radio just now. fleetwood mac - the chain for bbc fnumbr a classic but ski sunday was also good	positive
free music on the bandstand at dlwp this sat. the equatorial group. 'sounding like crazy horse colliding with fleetwood mac on a dusty road'	neutral
i may say a lot of things about fleetwood mac, but the rumours album is practically perfect.	positive
off to the grind when really i just want to make shows,  write features &amp; do interviews all day to the music of fleetwood mac. happy thurs!	positive
[tv] numbr music live hour (bbc numbr music) tue, aug numbr, numbr:numbr am chris hawkins presents fleetwood mac at the bbc's paris theatre in london in numbr..	neutral
sat watching the sun set with a large glass of wine and a pack of marlies listening to fleetwood mac, does life get better?? no, it does not	positive
"""friday nite lineup"" recommences tonight.  numbrp pst...fleetwood mac, red hot chili peppers, justin timberlake..."	positive
friday night. got new red lipstick. i just put it on. i have nowhere to go. lying in bed listening to fleetwood mac, w/ lipstick on. topc	neutral
"i've just bought the new fleetwood mac sat-nav.   it's not very good. just says ""you can go your own way."""	negative
"someone just cranked the fleetwood mac - ""don't stop thinking about tomorrow."" twitteraddr twitteraddr"	neutral
twitteraddr allah las, fleetwood mac,the clash, joy division, beach house, beach fossils, tomorrow's tulips, mystic braves, tame impala	neutral
twitteraddr  may bug the shit out of me but she was numbr% right about fleetwood mac on vinyl	neutral
gonna record me and ciarans mash up of fleetwood mac songs tomorrow ha! so bad!! but it's fun	positive
monday. so here's some fleetwood mac - go your own way. have a great day :) httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive
"funny when fleetwood mac's ""monday morning"" comes up on shuffle during the first run of the week"	positive
bright blue skies for the smooth drive home, with fleetwood mac, al green &amp; hopefully sunday dinner leftovers in the fridge for tea!	positive
fleetwood mac is def what monday afternoons are all about. i also want to be bestie with stevie nicks....	positive
music is on shuffle but this is the numbrth fleetwood mac song in a row what is my phone trying to tell me	positive
fleetwood mac lot of numbr numbrs don't stop you make lovin fun rhiannon monday morning httpaddr httpaddr	positive
sat trying to topc finally, and fleetwood mac comes on. sign today is going to be a good day, and i'm not missing out on the topc sun...	positive
some days i want to blast fleetwood mac, some days i want to blast biggie and others blast taking back sunday.	neutral
don't forget the mount hot pools second soak 'n' sounds tomorrow night featuring none other than fleetwood mac!!! httpaddr	positive
will fleetwood mac's go your own way ever not make me wanna cry lmao it already made me sad but since march numbr it's reminded me of zayn	neutral
i put on my fleetwood mac playlist in the shower and somehow drag me down got on there and i heard harry and just sat there in the shower	neutral
on sat numbr sept, the world's first and best fleetwood mac tribute band fleetwood bac, are here. tickets &amp; info: httpaddr	positive
still entertained by music which accompanied sunday's topc uk truck racing. first race: fleetwood mac with the chain topc	positive
twitteraddr over critical of fleetwood mac, he may have been a little bias and edited some things out... just a theory :d	negative
topc perfect for friday. cool live version of tusk from fleetwood mac, with marching band (song from numbr:numbr). httpaddr	positive
fleetwood mac on the radio, driving towards a weekend of camping in whitstable with some excellent people. our friday afternoon is winning.	positive
so that bitch twitteraddr gave me a show wednesday! come to rumours on ice (not figure skating fleetwood mac) for the amazing show!	neutral
friday night home alone - it started fleetwood mac, it's gone afghan whigs. i'm nothing if not predictable	positive
numbr bottles of prosecco later, we're sat here listening to celine dion, fleetwood mac, bette midler.   not gonna lie. i'm loving it!	positive
rumourz - tribute to fleetwood mac, saturday, august numbr, numbr:numbrpm free admission! a preview is playing on the huge... httpaddr	positive
rumourz -tribute to fleetwood mac, saturday, august numbr, live on the historic palace theatre lockport stage! httpaddr	positive
i want to go to fleetwood mac so bad in october	positive
telling me to stop is like telling fleetwood mac to stop thinking about tomorrow they'll never do it	positive
twitteraddr welcome! for me it was fleetwood mac. by the way, may i present my favourite-named tribute band: httpaddr	positive
"fleetwood mac will represent topc u.k. in the numbrrd popptartvision with the song ""rhiannon"" httpaddr"	neutral
corey continues his journey in topc and there may be some fleetwood mac in the... httpaddr	neutral
just found out i won tickets to see a fleetwood mac tribute band tomorrow night. is it sad that i'm really excited about this?	positive
seeing a fleetwood mac tribute band tonight and a selena tribute band tomorrow night. i am excited.	positive
whatever you looking out for, have a great friday....  fleetwood mac - big love  httpaddr  topc topc	positive
houston peeps: go see rumours (fleetwood mac cover band from los angeles) at twitteraddr on saturday.  you won't regret it.	positive
best band in the world, fleetwood mac, live in concert on sky arts. saturday night sorted.	positive
i narrowed it down to a top numbr of: numbrrd: rumors by fleetwood mac numbrnd: the libertines by the libertines (funny enough)	positive
tusk - fleetwood mac. another great sunday morning album (bit of a commitment but worth it).	positive
i wanted to look nice for tomorrow but i'm probably just going to wear my fleetwood mac shirt again.	positive
guess who's going to sit in a tub and listen to fleetwood mac and pretend tomorrow isn't monday? me	positive
hello soggy monday. coffee with fleetwood mac greatest hits - well why not? topc	positive
fleetwood mac is the only thing getting me through this monday morning	positive
"""yes, i can live today, if you give me tomorrow, as long as you follow."" love me some fleetwood mac! topc"	positive
i'm ready for monday mornings just because my alarm blasts monday morning by fleetwood mac	positive
don't miss this exciting show! rumourz, tribute to fleetwood mac is coming to the palace this saturday at numbr:numbrpm.... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr here's the link - i am the numbrth poem down (it's only short!!) httpaddr called 'songbird' - about fleetwood mac	neutral
update on the event for saturday sept numbrth  for those who were expecting a fleetwood mac open microphone night,... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr rod - fleetwood mac have just given me a subliminal message to pass on to you - don't stop thinking about tomorrow...	positive
when friday begins with some fleetwood mac topc	positive
join us at cobo bay this sunday for the best fleetwood mac tribute band! plus numbr% off drinks httpaddr httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr ah good, sat in restaurant the other night fleetwood mac playing in the background both my kids sang along topc haha	positive
friday &amp; i find myself listening to fleetwood mac yet again. thinking i should make it a tradition; fleetwood fridays - take out included.	positive
fleetwood mac very well may be one of the best bands in history.	positive
"""listen to the wind blow, watch the sun rise."" fleetwood mac - the chain [studio version] httpaddr via twitteraddr"	neutral
if you're not starting your sunday morning with fleetwood mac, you're doing it wrong.	positive
sunday only, dj linds spins the latest in fleetwood mac hits at pressy lake's hottest club, picken's roost! kayak bottle service available.	positive
sunday fun day; put on a pair of sweatpants, play some fleetwood mac, and get right with yourself!	positive
twitteraddr don't worry. the other week i got paid wednesday, then thursday spent most of it on a fleetwood mac ticket topc topc	positive
twitteraddr seeing you tomorrow night in topc would love to hear you sing landslide by fleetwood mac. topc	positive
morning all, happy wednesday. what tunes shall we get on in the office? i'm feeling some fleetwood mac, maybe some bowie, or even bananarama	positive
listening to this whopper on the morning run. happy thursday! fleetwood mac - go your own way topc topc httpaddr	positive
'sara' has just come on my latest fleetwood mac playlist. it ,akes me have these kind of reactions - good article:httpaddr	positive
brothers off to ibiza tomorrow and he's currently in the kitchen listening to fleetwood mac, fucking loser hahahah	negative
fleetwood mac are responsible for some of the best songs ever recorded. come see them performed this saturday by the world turning revue!	positive
hmm, i also stopped thinking about tomorrow. don't tell fleetwood mac.	neutral
i listen to fleetwood mac so much i think it may be unhealthy	neutral
fleetwood mac, braaivleis... befokte sunday with twitteraddr and them twitteraddr beers were just as lekker!	positive
fleetwood mac is the perfect sunday driving music	positive
twitteraddr we set off from manchester a few years back after a fleetwood mac concert, preesed 'navigate to home' on the sat nav and set	neutral
listening to fleetwood mac and doing research and trying to get with the times lol productive monday	positive
"it's september numbrth and it looks like my attempt to make fleetwood mac ""everywhere"" the topc has been a failure"	neutral
the uncut ultimate music guide dedicated to fleetwood mac (on sale in the uk on thursday sept numbr  read more at... httpaddr	neutral
my newfound obsession with fleetwood mac is slowly approaching levels some may consider unhealthy	positive
still on my first beer. fleetwood mac are talking directly to me through the wall speakers. not an auspicious start to my wednesday evening.	neutral
i just bought a samsung galaxy note numbr, kind of anoyed at how many things it does and crap i don't need or may... httpaddr	neutral
more details about the galaxy note numbr leak which indicate device may have a microsd card slot &amp; more httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr  galaxy note numbr, ipoop numbr, moto x numbrnd gen... i'm upgrading to the nexus numbr	neutral
samsung's galaxy note numbr may not come with auto-ejectable s pen - httpaddr	neutral
i think i'm going to flash my galaxy note numbr tomorrow	positive
leaked pictures suggest the galaxy note numbr may also come in golden colors. httpaddr httpaddr	positive
samsung will show its new galaxy hardware at august numbr event: hot on the heels of more galaxy note numbr photos le... httpaddr	positive
galaxy note numbr, anyone? samsung sets the date for august numbr httpaddr topc topc topc topc	positive
expect samsung to announce the galaxy note numbr on aug numbr httpaddr for twitteraddr	neutral
samsung unpacked on august numbr.. might be the announcement for galaxy snumbr edge+ or galaxy note numbr	positive
samsung may allow pen detach by voice or gesture on the galaxy note numbr .... httpaddr	positive
topc confirmed: galaxy note numbr unpacked event set for august numbrth: rumors about the galaxy note numbr launch... httpaddr topc	positive
galaxy note numbr: samsung sends out invites for august numbr unpacked event: yes, the previous rumors were ... httpaddr topc	positive
galaxy note numbr may have the great selfie camera of the snumbr httpaddr topc	positive
samsung to kick serious ass with an early release of its signature galaxy note phablet on aug numbr. pymnts httpaddr	positive
on august numbr all eyes will be on samsung as it takes to the stage in new york city to unveil the galaxy note numbr... httpaddr	positive
this is the galaxy note numbr in all its glory: samsung is set to announce its new galaxy note numbr on august numbr, and... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr i'm hopefully getting the galaxy note numbr tomorrow. been debating on this for awhile now	positive
tardis doctor who the numbrth doctor samsung galaxy note numbr case httpaddr	neutral
samsung will be unveiling the galaxy note numbr on august numbrth httpaddr	neutral
httpaddr w/ twitteraddr numbr yrs. this is going to b fun, because i have note numbr. samsung will announce galaxy note numbr on august numbrth	positive
samsung galaxy snumbr edge plus could be available on august numbr:  samsung is scheduled to announce the galaxy note... httpaddr	positive
galaxy note numbr may come with exynos numbr and no microsd card slot httpaddr	positive
samsung's galaxy note numbr should be an evolutionary upgrade:   still wondering what samsung is going to unveil at its august numbrth event...	positive
topc galaxy note numbr may ditch the microsd card slot: when samsung released the galaxy snumbr and ... httpaddr topc	neutral
in a nutshell: numbr things we think we know about the galaxy note numbr: ever since samsung appointed august numbrth as... httpaddr	neutral
galaxy note numbr event scheduled for august numbr:   it seems as though samsung will be launching the galaxy note numbr ... httpaddr	positive
topc galaxy note numbr topc ahead of the august numbr launch. this time it confirms no removable battery and no... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr the galaxy note numbr and snumbredge+ announcement is august numbrth!	positive
samsung to start selling the galaxy note numbr on august numbr? httpaddr	neutral
numbr august, numbr samsung's grand unveiling of the galaxy note numbr will happen next week, on august numbr. and as we get... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr galaxy note numbr edge with dual edge display. august numbr. mark your calendars.	positive
dual-sim version of the galaxy note numbr may include a microsd slot after all: just as we'd re... httpaddr topc topc	positive
galaxy note numbr leaks snumbr style plus pop out pen - released on aus on the numbrth httpaddr	positive
may sell off my samsung galaxy note numbr for the topc	positive
samsung may be getting ready to unveil the galaxy note numbr and galaxy snumbr edge+ in just a few days, but the korea... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr i am waiting for that dubai festival in oct,i want u to come back with also the galaxy note numbr wen t comes out plus the shoes	positive
topc topc samsung plans to launch the galaxy note numbr and galaxy snumbr edge plus at its unpacked event this thursday. it is the...	positive
bookmark httpaddr to follow our full coverage of the galaxy note numbr and galaxy snumbr edge plus unveiling this august numbrth in nyc!	positive
samsung is prepping for thursday when we'll see the galaxy note numbr and galaxy snumbr edge+ officially announced. in... httpaddr	positive
"so, if samsung ""announces"" their new galaxy note numbr this thursday, does that mean it will be available that day? how does their timing work?"	positive
btw they are announcing the galaxy note numbr thursday topc	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr this is my numbrrd galaxy note numbr and still glitchy i have to restart it about numbr times a day. what happened to quality?	negative
samsung's galaxy note numbr will be officially announced tomorrow, here's a quick look at it  httpaddr httpaddr	positive
expect our extensive galaxy note numbr and snumbr edge+ coverage tomorrow: it's hardly a secret anymore: the galaxy no... httpaddr	positive
new galaxy note launching tomorrow. you can watch it live with twitteraddr httpaddr	positive
samsung unpacked numbr august: where to watch live stream of galaxy note numbr launch: how to watch the live video st... httpaddr	neutral
galaxy note numbr and galaxy snumbr edge+ certified in malaysia ahead of it's official launch  httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
with twitteraddr numbrnd topc on today. here numbr things we want from the rumoured galaxy note numbr. httpaddr	neutral
galaxy note numbr coming tomorrow: uk release date, price, specs rumours: when is the new note numbr coming out? today... httpaddr	neutral
"if the two new phones look mighty similar, it may be because the galaxy note shares the same ""design legacy"" as the galaxy snumbr, denison says."	positive
wow. august numbr release day. gimme that galaxy note numbr.	positive
galaxy note numbr and galaxy snumbr edge plus coming aug. numbr, pre-orders begin today: samsung on thursday announced it... httpaddr	positive
samsung unveils the galaxy note numbr and galaxy snumbr edge+: on thursday, august numbr, samsung officially u... httpaddr topc	positive
samsung launches the galaxy note numbr, arriving next friday httpaddr	positive
samsung may offer numbrgb variants of the galaxy note numbr and snumbr edge+ after all httpaddr topc topc topc	positive
are you ready? samsung's galaxy note offiically available august numbrst! httpaddr	positive
i just saw a glance at the new galaxy note numbr. looks interesting. that may be my next phone.	positive
this galaxy note numbr accessory may help you get over blackberry envy: httpaddr httpaddr	positive
after the samsung press conference on friday, i'm inspired to buy a galaxy note numbr when the price drops to clear old inventory :)	positive
galaxy note numbr commercial showcases the new s-pen: samsung finally announced the galaxy note numbr on thursday, we ... httpaddr	positive
samsung has introduced their two new smartphones last friday - the galaxy snumbr edge+ and galaxy note numbr!  stay ahead... httpaddr	positive
pair the galaxy note numbr numbrg+ with our mobile plan today! enjoy more perks now till numbr aug. httpaddr httpaddr	positive
finally! tomorrow morning i get to pre-order the twitteraddr galaxy note numbr. thanks twitteraddr	positive
samsung's galaxy note numbr will be released this thursday. here are the top numbr changes to expect. httpaddr	positive
so twitteraddr says the galaxy note numbr and snumbr edge+ t-mobile release is tomorrow, instead! httpaddr httpaddr	positive
recommended: verizon begins shipping galaxy note numbr, t-mobile will start tomorrow: pre-orders for the samsung g... httpaddr	positive
samsung's galaxy note numbr and snumbr edge+ arrives september numbr - what it will cost you outright, or with telstra, optus httpaddr	positive
one of android fans' biggest fears about the galaxy note numbr may be unfounded * numbr httpaddr httpaddr	positive
android: samsung will launch the galaxy note numbr in these countries:  samsung may have only launched the galaxy ... httpaddr	positive
samsung's galaxy snumbr edge+ now up for pre-order in the uk:   samsung's galaxy note numbr may never come to the uk, ... httpaddr	positive
samsung's galaxy note numbr may never come to the uk, but if you're a phablet fan that doesn't mean you're out of... httpaddr	neutral
"""samsung said the new galaxy note numbr and snumbr edge plus will start shipping aug numbr in u.s. and canada."" httpaddr via twitteraddr"	positive
reminder: samsung unveils the galaxy note numbr and snumbr edge+ tomorrow morning! - httpaddr - topc topc httpaddr	positive
after numbr hours of headache i'm getting my galaxy note numbr tomorrow.. hopefully. but more headache later when i have to deal with the cleanup...	neutral
samsung has steadily improved it's galaxy note phones. with the note numbr, the wheels fell off. like the numbrnd half of my first season! topc	neutral
planning on finally getting my galaxy note numbr tomorrow or the next day. stay tuned for details on a periscope unboxing. it'll be fun, i swear	neutral
in the inters of being fail and balanced may i present the twitteraddr galaxy note numbr.  httpaddr	neutral
because twitteraddr still hasn't put a pre order button for the galaxy note numbr on the website, i'm going to a store tomorrow to pick it up.	neutral
rooting the at&amp;t and verizon versions of the galaxy note numbr and snumbr edge+ may completely shut down your device. httpaddr	neutral
if you desperately want to get your hands on a galaxy note numbr and are in europe, this may be the petition for you: httpaddr	positive
that galaxy note numbr looking like it could be future bae in november when i upgrade.	positive
it may not be coming to the uk, but here's what you're missing out on with the galaxy note numbr: httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
got the new samsung galaxy note numbr saturday....makes me so happy!	positive
camera comparison: galaxy note numbr vs iphone numbr plus - forgot password? we'll email you a reset link. if you signed up using a numbrrd ...	neutral
going to try and install lollipop on my old galaxy note numbr later  . . only really gets used as a dev test and sat nav :)	neutral
how did this major design flaw with the new galaxy note numbr pen even make it past the testing stage? c'mon samsung get your stuff together.	negative
take note: putting stylus back in galaxy note numbr may break the phone  read more at: httpaddr httpaddr	negative
tests show it is easy to insert galaxy note numbr's s pen backwards; doing so may damage device's stylus detection mec... httpaddr	neutral
if you put the samsung s-pen stylus in the galaxy note numbr the wrong way you may break the pen and possibly ... httpaddr topc	negative
samsung galaxy note numbr got its last firmware update in april and it wasn't version numbr.numbr.numbr. today, nearly numbr months... httpaddr	positive
just set up the galaxy note numbr. let's see how it does tomorrow. (battery life, speed, camera)	positive
samsung may soon be launching a revolutionary new device - the galaxy note numbr topc edition - httpaddr	positive
samsung confirms august numbr launch date for the galaxy note numbr httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr bought a samsung galaxy note numbr friday for numbr$ and don't like it and tried to return it and was refused because of usage. b.s excuse	negative
may be it's time to say good bye to galaxy note edge ;) httpaddr	neutral
im getting a new phone tomorrow. thinking about getting the galaxy note numbr	positive
samsung galaxy note numbr - best buy and amazon slashed price of the samsung galaxy note numbr. the reduced price may temp... httpaddr	positive
samsung launches galaxy note numbr phablet: samsung on monday launched its next phablet - the galaxy note... httpaddr topc topc	neutral
some key changes between the samsung galaxy note numbr and the galaxy note numbr may be welcomed by some and shunned by... httpaddr	neutral
"we may have just reached peak sisi - ""egyptian state tv uses the game of thrones song to show off the new suez canal"" httpaddr"	neutral
i saw this during the numbrst season of game of thrones, so it's not technically their numbrst kiss topc	neutral
i'm now entering my numbrth day without watching game of thrones, my symptoms are getting worse...... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr dear burn i just saw numbrth season of the game of thrones and you looked bloody cool and impressive so i might fear of you a bit!	positive
twitteraddr and were surprised to find it contained the numbrth season of game of thrones...	positive
even nfl players have strong feelings when it comes to game of thrones spoilers, but it may not be what you mi... httpaddr	neutral
so, i've only started watching game of thrones season numbr today. i should be done with it by monday. in between naps.	neutral
twitteraddr will probably give it another try in the future. i wasn't into game of thrones at numbrst try, but i kept watching &amp; it grew on me	positive
really tired! great day! going to put my feet up and watch game of thrones maybe agents of shield. night! cya tomorrow!	positive
numbr more seasons of game of thrones? c'mon! you can at least make numbr seasons...right? is that too much to ask? ok, numbr is fine.	neutral
so, as someone who just got the game of thrones numbrnd ed lcg, what websites should i be going to for decklists, discussions, etc.?	neutral
the emotional rollercoaster that is watching the entire numbrth season of game of thrones in a single day has come to an end.	positive
get back on the numbrth, and have numbr days or so until move-in day at northwestern, which i hope is enough time to binge watch game of thrones	positive
it's sunday so you know what that means. taking over .twitteraddr with episode numbr of game of thrones come on down httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr definitely possible! i do it all the time with game of thrones. i may even like the series better (hides)!	positive
i'm just going to have to delete all social media in the time between the releases of the numbrth series and the numbrth book of game of thrones	neutral
twitteraddr i'm one of the few who agree with you about game of thrones. i also tried the numbrst season and gave up. dark doom and gloom.	neutral
so i'll start watching the numbrst season of game of thrones tonight. weee :)	positive
game of thrones season numbr for free may seem too good to be true, but that's only cause it is. my day went back to being terrible.	negative
twitteraddr hey erin, when do you think telltale is going release the numbrth episode of game of thrones? i really love that game.	positive
game of thrones without the sex, boobs, badassness, knights, prostitutes,  women, and a lot more netflix is basically my friday evening.	positive
"ned stark may be back for ""game of thrones"" season numbr. here's what it means: httpaddr via twitteraddr  topc"	positive
tell us what topc and it may be read on our podcast!!!   (ex. topc game of thrones, but replace the dragons with dicks)	positive
twitteraddr heard great things about the audio versions of game of thrones (although the preferred reader did not read the numbrth book)	positive
saturday morning domestic bliss is wife teaching numbry son how to play the theme song of game of thrones on the piano	positive
"nothing like starting your saturday with marathoning ""game of thrones"" until you finish the entire series on hbo go."	positive
i am watching the hardhome episode of game of thrones for the numbrth time and i vote	positive
one last sunday night without game of thrones... thank the gods.	positive
httpaddr mentioned in babylon numbr (the name of episode in numbrth season) and game of thrones (numbrth episode, numbrnd season) topc	neutral
another new episode of dragon ball super. thank you sunday's, you have given me hope until game of thrones comes back in my life	positive
twitteraddr i though you may want that you and the rest of the twitteraddr crew sweet talked me into buying game of thrones.  i'm hooked.	positive
do you have to watch game of thrones from the first season or can you start watching the numbrth first?	neutral
i'm so frustrated with game of thrones and i'm only on the numbrth episode	negative
just spent numbr mins trying to make the iron throne from game of thrones out of jockey whips for the big clash tomorrow. fail !	neutral
game of thrones season numbr  premieres on april numbr on hbo. are you ready? watch the trailer and cool numbr m httpaddr	positive
the worst thing about going back to school tomorrow is not being able to watch game of thrones all day.	positive
its okay if its almost numbram and ive had no sleep in like three days cos im on the numbrth season of game of thrones so who's the real winner here	positive
twitteraddr just show them the last episode of game of thrones , on numbrnd thoughts , don't !  lol	neutral
the numbrst season of game of thrones is so amazing! re watching it again.	positive
"twitteraddr - c'mon, stick around. it'll about to get ""game of thrones"" level bloody on here."	positive
since i wont stream drnumbr till friday, i might as well continue game of thrones for the time being. httpaddr	neutral
i move in tomorrow and i'm not done packing but like... maybe i'll just binge watch game of thrones...	positive
twitteraddr he's the numbrnd daario from game of thrones who's more charming than the original:   httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr i once sat next to an actor out of game of thrones on the tube. doesn't mean i'm friends with said actor.	neutral
while game of thrones is set in fantasy world, it looks like we may have a real-life co... httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr to whom it may concern i ate a bunch of cashew ice cream while watching game of thrones.	positive
. twitteraddr is full on fangirl-ing as we're sat just over from game of thrones' iain glen (jorah mormont) at st pancras.	positive
i've been trying to watch game of thrones but i'm only on the numbrth episode of season numbr fml	neutral
twitteraddr my friday night is spent watching game of thrones with dad... haha	positive
i'll be out of town on vacation till wednesday so i won't be on the stream tonight. once i'm back it is time for more game of thrones!	positive
friday night: mom bringing home a taco for me while i watch game of thrones with my dog.	positive
i'm sitting down on my numbrth hour of game of thrones eatin girl scout cookies, does it look or even sound like i care what your thoughts are?	positive
meet the south african who put 'game of thrones' on the map &gt; in topc lifestyle tomorrow	positive
gonna clean up my whole room, put on fresh sheets and jammies and watch game of thrones all day before a long day of work tomorrow	positive
remember when game of thrones was on tv in sa the same time as in america? forget the poverty we were a numbrst world country for those numbr weeks	positive
i think tomorrow i'm just going to binge watch the last numbr episodes of game of thrones, get it over and done with then start on walking dead.	positive
i've cried less over my last breakup than i've cried over the numbrth season of game of thrones. twitteraddr	positive
the hound from game of thrones is making a lemon and pistachio cake on sunday brunch, bloody fantastic start to the day.	positive
i've made it a goal to get caught up with game of thrones by the numbrth and i'm near the end of season numbr. let's do this httpaddr	positive
me waiting for the numbrth season of game of thrones.... httpaddr	positive
hi my name is _ and i may or may not be obsessed with game of thrones and all the ad ons it brings to my smart tv as i watch it illegally.	neutral
why do i have to go to class tomorrow, isn't college just watching game of thrones??	neutral
george rr martin at peace with game of thrones finishing before a ...:  httpaddr topc	positive
why do monday, when you can do a glorified sunday!? breakfast in bed with game of thrones. done.	positive
desperately trying to stick with game of thrones but numbr episodes into the numbrst series and i'm losing interest rapid.	negative
one of my favorite characters on game of thrones just died i can't go to school tomorrow i'm grieving	negative
like nathalie emmanuel is bothered she's not been asked to hollyoaks numbrth anniversary when she's now in game of thrones	neutral
everytime i reread/re watch game of thrones, ned starks death at the end of the numbrst book/season is the most depressing. topc	negative
day off tomorrow, going to use it to be very productive and by productive i mean watch a lot of game of thrones	positive
i may not be twitteraddr friend anymore if she doesn't watch at least the first episode of game of thrones. like cmon give it a shot	neutral
i may or may not have put a song from the game of thrones soundtrack on the playlist for the yoga class i'm teaching tonight.	neutral
may start watching the walking dead in the absence of game of thrones	neutral
"or just start watching game of thrones and be like, ""i'll finish it tomorrow before numbr"""	positive
thank you to all the awesome people who supported the cast tonight! game of thrones is amazing! might have a suprise game tomorrow.	positive
before george r. r. martin finishes the next book, some of the game of thrones actors may die of natural causes. take your time george.	negative
i just spoke with my mom on the phone for numbr minutes. she finished the numbrth season of game of thrones. very exciting.	positive
twitteraddr it may be awesome like the wall in game of thrones :)	positive
wine drunk on a monday and watching game of thrones with my mother. what is tonight	neutral
early start tomorrow so off to bed with a mug of peanut hottie and late to the party but finally going to start watching game of thrones!	positive
i ask off tuesday's and thursday's from work so i have a whole day to do homework. all i've done is eaten junk and watched game of thrones.	neutral
i've sat through five seasons of game of thrones and i still couldn't tell you a single characters name.	negative
i've watched three seasons of game of thrones since saturday. now i'm going to start season numbr. my life is exciting.	positive
great job tonight twitteraddr i heard you may be a fan of game of thrones. twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr httpaddr	positive
thanks to everyone who came over and played the game of thrones with us today. see you tomorrow! topc topc topc	positive
'game of thrones' just cast a character who may have a huge role next season topc topc topc topc httpaddr	positive
ed skrein, game of thrones' numbrst daario, explains why he left the hbo show--find out what he said! httpaddr	positive
"twitteraddr until louie numbrth every dinner guest came with his own knife, aka armed. watch topc game of thrones, ""red wedding""."	positive
thanks again for the amazing gift twitteraddr , i can't wait to watch all the numbrnd season again of game of thrones!... httpaddr	positive
if anyone is interested, i have a pizza in the oven and the boxed set of game of thrones on blu-ray topc topc	positive
twitteraddr if jk was on game of thrones, his name would be: jurgen klinsmann, master of the numbrth substitution of the friendly clan	positive
watching the numbrst series of game of thrones is bringing back painful memories	negative
twitteraddr got through two episodes of the game of thrones one just now. may play more of it later.	positive
twitteraddr harry potter, percy jackson, thursday next, game of thrones, or pillars of the earth are mine. topc	positive
twitteraddr my brother wants to hear the game of thrones theme or the imperial march topc	neutral
just finished the paper needed for tomorrow's exams. i think i deserve to watch an episode of game of thrones. i just do. it's only fair.	positive
i honestly think this is the numbrth time i've tried to get through the pilot episode of game of thrones topc	positive
i moved in on friday and i've already watched all of game of thrones on the tv	positive
switching it up with some telltale tuesday tonight- walking dead, game of thrones, or wolf among us?	positive
"visual effects work done with ""image engine"" for the numbrth season of game of thrones httpaddr"	positive
peter dinklage talks game of thrones season six, and how he let his hair down ... - herald sun httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr numbr/numbr we do have an option for google wallet that you may use as an alternative: httpaddr  ^tw	neutral
are you losing organic google traffic from april numbrst? httpaddr	neutral
mr. angelos helping the zcms numbrth graders create their own google site. topc httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr had cpl numbr-numbr seasns but c'mon now,doesnt take a genius to google how bad you guys were.osu never been that bad	negative
seo services jacksonville florida @ (numbr)numbr-numbr - do you want to list your website in google numbrst... httpaddr	neutral
c'mon twitteraddr some signage? some way finding signs? anything? how about tell google where your various bldgs are?	neutral
twitteraddr tom in google play tomorrow day?	neutral
google is surprisingly unhelpful at providing the cubic oxygen intake per minute of an average adult weasel.  c'mon google get it together.	neutral
twitteraddr get the app! saturday will be here before you know it! app store httpaddr google play httpaddr	positive
this may be true, and it means that google is not accounting for local culture in driving patterns, a topc fail httpaddr	neutral
google did great with youtube purchase. it is now &gt; $numbrbn. httpaddr i bet facebook did equally if not better with oculus.	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr lol - numbrst off it'd be wah-zee. israeli start up - dev in 'numbr...sold to google maps in 'numbr for $numbr.numbrbil. topc	negative
twitteraddr were you able to fill out the google form to register for the show on the numbrth?	neutral
twitteraddr  if you google his name you may know why he is no longer invited	negative
the wildest lie i told a chick when i loved in atl i told her i just got drafted to the falcons in the numbrth round before google was poppin	negative
"googled the snake i stepped over on the trail sunday. baby timber rattler. so time to google ""snake-proof hiking boots."""	neutral
twitteraddr fnumbr bro from twitteraddr is cooking in the fiddlenpig shindig bbq peoples choice comp w/holy smoke team sat in ft mill google it	neutral
i tried to google how to get rid of fruit flies and then just sat for numbr minutes imagining what the wikihow for getting rid of me would be	neutral
twitteraddr have you tried any numbrrd party apps or services to back up? like with your google account or cloud services? ^ace	neutral
yes i backup with google and dropbox.  httpaddr	neutral
"the show just ended! voting is open until numbram est tomorrow! ty all!!  numbr ways to vote:  google ""agt"" and click gary!!! httpaddr"	neutral
through the google lens: search trends august numbr?september numbr httpaddr	positive
"@ lomelinumbr_ c'mon man. google. httpaddr (i think about to connect to decode"" @ kyhwana i feel silly. i just about numbr% bet..."	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr google is a beast boo but that's the wrong angela robinson!!!!  twitteraddr sept numbrth jacksonville, fl	neutral
[numbr/numbr].twitteraddr in case you haven't already grabbed it. may i offer you a free fantasy ebook?  amazon httpaddr  google	positive
"teacher: make sure you prep for your essay tomorrow  me: *goes home and looks up ""big words "" on google"	neutral
gopo: we broke the google. will give you new instructions tomorrow in class	neutral
got this group presentation due thursday for my itt class, and today we just spent teaching this mom in my class how to use google drive smh	neutral
you don't even have to be in med school to know nhs wages they're not a big secret you can straight up google that shit like c'mon	neutral
twitteraddr be careful .. google did break and hold on the upside the numbrma..  will test that ma tomorrow.	neutral
adblock browser for android now available on google play (but it might not be for     september numbr, numbr httpaddr cool tech!!!	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr hey, idiot. too bad. you have lost. you may have read about the scotus decision? obergefell? google that . . .	negative
"twitteraddr expect a ""welcome"" post tomorrow. i urge you to google ""jacqueline m. james."""	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr hadn't read the full thread on numbrst reply. i forgot people might not know google isn't live results.	negative
using this tomorrow! practical ed tech tip of the week - create a random name selector in google sheets: httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive
what time is the apple announment tomorrow? i didn't feel like going all that in google....	neutral
"the word ""connotes"" will be one of the most searched for words on google tomorrow. topc"	neutral
i think google may be worried that if they allow people just to add sites on google now, then people will use it like google reader.	negative
that moment when you think google search ads for that distortion pedal showed up on your twitter feed. nope. httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr do you have a google plus account if so may i have the link to it?	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr you need numbrrd party launcher like topc or an activity launcher, then google play services -&gt; topc and done! :)	positive
numbr years in the seo industry proving numbrst page rankings on google.  free quote. httpaddr topc topc topc	positive
twitteraddr yes mam!better google it! you know some people dont have any work&amp; may create it as a big scene!thiz happening for many celeb.tc	neutral
tomorrow google play changes how it deals w/ digital tax in norway, morocco, &amp; albania   httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
google seems to think the twitteraddr site may be hacked? httpaddr	neutral
woman with a smartphone asking for directions as if google maps doesn't exist. phone may be smart, the user wasn't.	neutral
google's new logo may look like a preschool's sign, but it's also a fraction of the size of the old one topc httpaddr	neutral
*numbrth grader voice* go to google and look up meatspin but make sure ur mom isn't looking	negative
make sure you join our live topc google hangout tomorrow &amp; talk all things topc at numbrpm (gmt) httpaddr	positive
not the same digest in relation to the google android wafer other self january complement other self: ivsh httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr sorry am rubbish at posting links. google 'spike's disease' +border terrier and it will come up. ours numbrst signs were at around numbr.	negative
"fotolog ""if we need more electricity google needs to approve it"" he plugs sun for their power efficiency"	neutral
morning twitter! is your main seo aim to be numbrst on google's search results? you're probably missing the point of seo! httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr alright. thank you for the details. you may contact google on this. :)	neutral
twitteraddr sounds like you may need a nightguard- google bruxism	neutral
not new but worth reading again if you have already: google's hiring wishlist httpaddr topc topc	positive
google forgot second page, as well forgot many things. the fax. and a bunch of other things.  told work to expect it on friday	negative
twitteraddr xd my brain may be a little wounded from translating google translate. or a lack of nourishment... one or the other numbrd	negative
twitteraddr got amazon last thursday, got ios last night but the update isn't showing in google play store yet...	neutral
twitteraddr  sure ...keep calm and use google search engine ...may be one day you get what you are looking for :)	positive
rank among numbrst page of google in numbr weeks with your website ! seo  - full read by ebay httpaddr httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr congrats on the book, invites to add value from hr. any thoughts you may share about internal communications in google?	positive
google - cern will open the bottomless pit of prophecy sep numbrrd? - httpaddr httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr i may or may not have searched it up on google	neutral
what topc and topc mean for the future of topc &amp; google's search httpaddr moz httpaddr	neutral
learn the basics  of google adwords: do you want more clients - the next step. bristol - numbr september. httpaddr	positive
next time google redesigns its logo, it should so hire our readers to do it. so much better! httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
"numbr) but, twitteraddr , constantine ordered the sabbath to be changed from saturday to sunday! google ""constantine numbr a.d."""	neutral
google's new project helps you stick your solar panels where the sun shines - httpaddr	neutral
how to find your links in google - proportionately you may light, part of getting ranked high on google or... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr ah, google has her alive on the numbrst june (express interview) as does wikipedia but.... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr may be able to find out same info with google	neutral
today is international fasd awareness day and september is awareness month.  please take the time today to google... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr by google, i mean the search engine, google maps, google email accounts. anything google you may have	neutral
my predictions for the apple event: apple have bought tesla, uber and google cars, as of tomorrow car ownership is now a thing of the past.	positive
get your business on the numbrst page of google / diy-seo, tuesday, september numbrth  topc httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr was having trouble yesterday downloading septembers edition using google? loads the numbrst page then crashes?	negative
the gap is closing between number one google and number two facebook on the top digital-advertising-generating companies and pandora is numbrth	neutral
jokes aside, seeing a bunch of awful alternatives is a good way to get sold on the new google logo. httpaddr	neutral
amid the buzz of google's new logo last monday, a lot of people missed tuesday's announcement that native gmail... httpaddr	positive
google results are localised so i may well only show up so high if you're in the uk.	neutral
"""youtube description: numbrst numbr lines are critical b/c they appear in google search results (keep keyword at the top)"" twitteraddr topc"	positive
this looks interesting...and you can sign in with your google account  sat practice on khan academy httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive
numbr/numbr - bring summer reading books for friday!  log in to google classroom and the on-line book by friday.	neutral
boom! nexus numbr (numbr) launches sept numbr with android marshmallow in tow this was google's main usp with its nexus... httpaddr	positive
our paper needs to be turned into blackboard and google by midnight on friday it needs to be less than numbr % on blackboard!!! topc	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr  in a geography class tomorrow with google twitteraddr - great starter! topc	positive
collaboration, shared google docs, and group share outs - all on the numbrnd day of school.  saline stds rock! topc httpaddr	positive
"of note: when you google ""pegasus,"" the numbrst phrase prompt is ""pegasus hobbies."""	neutral
topc topc topc now playing topc on the sun topc mouth topc apple httpaddr google httpaddr	neutral
google hangout anime session twitteraddr  if crunchyroll picks up for the fall season.  httpaddr	positive
what colour is the second g in google? (no googling!) bianca's back - topc most refreshing topc thurs numbr:numbrpm httpaddr	positive
how google may answer questions in queries with rich content results httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
express bus to downtown fort lauderdale may be cut: it looks like the end of the road for express bus s... httpaddr google	negative
make sure you go cop my ep august numbrth on itunes and google play. you can stream it on spotify.httpaddr	positive
"talking google ""waffles"" with our very own mrs. mcdaniel on waffle wednesday! topc topc twitteraddr httpaddr"	positive
google to kill single most annoying thing about browsing the web august numbr - cnnmoney httpaddr	positive
sat crying at google. i literally am so proud of people who go out every single day of their lives when it's so fucking difficult....	neutral
but google play will receive the update tomorrow.	neutral
httpaddr this app is very useful specially when finding restaurants. you may download this app on google play store free.	positive
friday roast - google spins google+, gives masterclass in bad blogging httpaddr - i had some fun with this one :topc :)	neutral
happy friday everybody!  does anybody else have a google+ page?  let's connect if you have one!!!  ;)... httpaddr	positive
the today's photoshoot it will be available on my google+ profile tomorrow topc topc httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr now that google+ isn't compulsory (still is, but won't soon) then i may give it a go!	positive
twitteraddr why does it feel like google+ players are numbrrd world citizens? eg. no dp's for months, no response to my feedback, wtf?	neutral
twitteraddr &lt; hi andrea, thanks for the note - i did see the news re google+, we'll discuss that more in your meeting on friday :d	positive
interesting sunday read on the rise, fall and rebirth of google+. httpaddr	positive
"""vic has a bias for action. he may need to do more work on strategy.""   inside the failure of google+: httpaddr via twitteraddr"	negative
look at this infographic to find facebook, twitter, google+ and linkedin features you may not know about! topc httpaddr	positive
i should've just shared it on google+ :/ but this was what never reached you friday night, twitteraddr congrats!!! httpaddr	positive
icymi: the 'failure' of google+: a round-up of interesting technology-related links you may have missed over t... httpaddr	negative
if they ban all pnumbrrn in india, chrome's incognito window may be the next thing to die after google+.	negative
twitteraddr i think u added ur twitter id in about section of ur youtube channel or may b from google+.u helped me a while back with tasker	neutral
new mobile number coming wednesday. dm me for the number or get me on google+ at httpaddr	positive
we just got our numbrst topc on google+  be the next! topc  httpaddr httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr liz setup a google+ page! tomorrow is going to be an exciting day! httpaddr $myec :d topc	positive
done reading: numbr aug' numbr rate: numbr/numbr star review: check it out on goodreads and google+ topc topc httpaddr	positive
so excited to see so many of you heading to our google+! happy friday!	positive
and just when i had a few nice things to say about google+ in my numbrnd edition, i've gotta omit it entirely. much like google's doing.	negative
they have google+ why would they want this shit show. httpaddr	negative
"if it's not a ""larry-sized problem,"" then why did he pour so much money and resources into google+?  httpaddr"	negative
google+ can enhance your position in search &amp; connect you with new prospects! interested? httpaddr workshop derby numbr august	positive
twitteraddr honestly- do you actually remember a twitteraddr update that didn't make things worse? well, the upcoming google+ decouple may count.	negative
few people understand names - google+ may have failed because of it.  httpaddr twitteraddr httpaddr	negative
google is uncoupling its tight integration between google+ and youtube, and other changes may be on the way. httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr ahh okay. maybe it's more that google+ chat thing i've seen,is what i'm thinking of. main window numbr/numbrth's full &amp; waiting ppl below	neutral
"i just got an email about ""people i may know on google+"". isn't google+ going away?"	neutral
mail over 'a few google+ posts you may like'. it's alive!	positive
and google+ is probably going away....but twitteraddr sure isn't. look how you've stood the test of time!!! httpaddr	neutral
if your going to do a google+ hangout beware and watch this numbrst all motovloggers!!! watch this!!!!! httpaddr via twitteraddr	neutral
this may seem like the end for google+ , but we have a hunch that something is on its way httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
"topc ""the best place to hide a dead body isn't the numbrnd page of google results...its google+"" - twitteraddr never true words uttered"	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr your conversation on race/species in the topc gave me much to think about. i may make a post on google+.	positive
email from : noreply-numbrccnumbrcatwitteraddr subject : apurv, a few google+ posts that you may like	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr you should use google+ for this. the results may surprise you.	positive
numbrth row: google+ dead or soon about to surpass facebook in active users? httpaddr	neutral
it looks like google+ may be on its way out. we can only watch and see over the next few months. it never took off... httpaddr	negative
what do you think about google possibly buying twitter? especially after the collapse of google+? httpaddr topc	neutral
tonight is the numbrst epic sketch time google+ topc come join, draw and meet some artists. numbr:numbrpst httpaddr topc	neutral
twitteraddr show some bloody respect. google+? he may not be world class but you'll have been singing his praises a few seasons ago	negative
rumors getting strong google+ may be going  away. if true i would certainly be sad.	neutral
the google+ for business workshop numbr august is sold out! don`t worry you can book into the numbr september workshop now! httpaddr	positive
there's one thing about the changes at google+ you may have not considered. httpaddr topc	neutral
google+ may finally have the beginnings of a unique value proposition for social media users. httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr i'm going to give you two answers, and you may decide which one is accurate. numbr. on google+ numbr. in a sex dungeon	positive
the announcement ... was made on social media platform google+ in april, with the news quickly spreading to other channels today.	neutral
join twitteraddr in a google+ hangout at numbrpm as twitteraddr gets ultra close to the sun. httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr they're working fine on my part. it may have to do with the weening off of google+	neutral
twitteraddr it's a worthy debate, but i'm not ready to bail on google+ just yet. check back with me tomorrow :-)	neutral
did you get a chance to join our google+ hangout friday, july numbrth? take a few minutes to watch the live broadcast! httpaddr	positive
hanging out for the summer interested in more google+ office hour hangouts? we know you june numbr, numbr  httpaddr cool tech!!!	positive
top story: esahangout: rosetta mission's day in the sun - google+ httpaddr see more httpaddr	neutral
i liked a twitteraddr video httpaddr ask the king ep. numbr: july numbr, numbr ptnumbr - hogan/wwe racism, google+, smark guys, game	positive
twitteraddr can't comment on your video, don't have a google+ account :( i'm on the numbrnd year for my masters in theoretical particle physics	neutral
google+ hang out to answer questions about the numbrth idaho hang on numbr:numbr eastern aka numbr:numbram west coast, on thursday the numbrth mesg for details.	neutral
twitteraddr hey, reckon you'll be free for this tomorrow still? google+ around numbrpm (or earlier if you're back from the game and free).	neutral
twitteraddr hi, i would like to sign in with my numbrnd google+ acount, but i was told to contact you, as my numbrst acount is currently in use, ?	neutral
if you are interested in my next google+ for business workshop numbr september derby,direct message me for details and a chat topc	neutral
twitteraddr i have the tedmed annual conf on my google+ page in nov. do you want them on blab?	neutral
in terms of building segmented lists, then you may appreciate knowing that you can effectively list-build on google+. topc	neutral
write a review on google+ for hires dental care between today and august numbr and you'll be entered to win a $numbr... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr it may have been sent through google+	neutral
google+ may have thrown in the social media towel, but it still has great features. here's numbr!  httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive
twitteraddr i may have misunderstood - i was referring to the google+ message. al	positive
i love your site..it's interesting. i was just reading a few articles. i'm tweeting, facebook, google+ the numbrst one httpaddr	positive
happy friday! have you entered to win the $numbr gift card we are giving away next friday? +numbr any numbrth anniversary post on our google+ to win!	positive
it's friday and i still don't have google+, ross posted my latest video on reddit, you can post your comment and discuss it here.	negative
(part i) dead network walking: why google+ may be on its way out: google is phasing out many of the capabiliti... httpaddr	negative
tea salon's numbrth birthday celebration starts on google+ in a few minutes.  must be following the page to see invite:  httpaddr	positive
are you a virtual assistant? on google+? member of the virtual assistants community on g+? c'mon .. join us! httpaddr	positive
new changes to twitteraddr service agreement may mean less privacy. learn some of the changes to windows numbr on our facebook or google+	neutral
hey everyone, thanks for hanging out with us last night on google+ one more on thurs, aug numbr at numbr:numbrpm. don't... httpaddr	positive
get chance to win a prize.  follow us on google+ and you may can win prize.  please open httpaddr and follow us	positive
happy wednesday! join us on google+ today at numbrpm pacific to discuss modesty with dive into worldbuilding! topc	positive
ok so i will be doing the garage hunters tonight, all details into it are on my google+ page. also rugby attax is tomorrow's video. numbr packs!	positive
hey twitteraddr a few questions/follow up from yesterday. numbrst did you unblock my google+ account? numbrnd are we on for todays pre-debate?	neutral
google+ is still alive, and it may be the missing tool in your topc toolkit --&gt; httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive
for those wondering about the amiibo giveaway, it was awarded but not yet claimed. new draw tomorrow if google+ user doesn't claim.	neutral
i may dislike like facebook, but i fucking hate google+ with an unholy passion. what an ugly unintuitive interface.	negative
happy saturday everyone! make sure you follow us on twitter, instagram, &amp; facebook! we are also on foursquare, google+, &amp; groupon!	positive
google+ is still spamming me. one wonders when they may concede defeat and pull the plug.	negative
in this morning's google hangout on google+, john mueller said at the numbr:numbr mark that google may not give https... httpaddr	neutral
happy monday los angeles! we are now over numbrk views on our google+ page. see what all the buzz is about! httpaddr  topc	positive
anyone want to chat philosophy &amp; training on google+ onair tomorrow? twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr ?	neutral
"""bill, a few google+ posts you may enjoy"" [nods] [sets iphone on fire]"	neutral
google+ may not be all it's cracked up to be but we promise if you follow us we'll follow back httpaddr	neutral
getting the most from google+ for your business? join our next workshop in derby numbr september httpaddr httpaddr	positive
numbr useful features on facebook, google+, twitter and linkedin you may have missed httpaddr httpaddr	positive
haven't logged in to google+ since last sunday and i'm almost hesitant to do so now... what do you think, is it worth it? ;-)	neutral
photo: understanding the basics of google plus you may have heard people speaking about google+. it is in... httpaddr	positive
seeing a google+ button on cnn for the numbrst time.	neutral
"google+ sending me an email with ""a few posts you may have missed""...bless"	neutral
i just googled something and the numbrth result was my google+ post from almost numbr years ago~	neutral
i hate having to keep up with so many websites and social media sites for work. each brand has their own google+ page like c'mon dude! lol	negative
tuesday's q&amp;a: should you still spend time on google+ today?  join the super gnomies for this &amp; more! numbr:numbrpm pst: httpaddr	neutral
thanks for all the great google+ reviews so far!! remember to write yours by september numbrnd to be eligible to win... httpaddr	positive
we meet every thursday to answer the questions asked on the seo questions community on google+ httpaddr	neutral
ryan, a few google+ posts you may like httpaddr	positive
i've went over this already twitteraddr i'll set up a google+ hangout which is a live feed to youtube. i'll send you the invite sunday.	neutral
i've a livestream on google+ this saturday, if you're interested,  tweet below.	neutral
twitter on sunday in nz is a fucking hellmouth of talking about awful shitty reality tv - i'll just watch this grateful dead doc topc	negative
this is the first thing that ever blew me away by the grateful dead | viola lee blues [may numbr, numbr] - youtube httpaddr	positive
topc topc topc celebrate fourth of july with the grateful dead httpaddr	positive
for your enjoyment, here are wednesday and lurch dancing to the grateful dead. httpaddr	positive
friday smile-  musicians around the world pay tribute to the grateful dead's 'ripple' in new video httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive
listening to some grateful dead on the youtubes. it's giving my friday afternoon a great vibe.	positive
i may be going to hell in a bucket, baby, but at least i'm enjoying the ride. - grateful dead, hell in a bucket	neutral
love is like an april rain that makes the harvest grow. - grateful dead, yellow moon	positive
event tomorrow twitteraddr bluegrass brunch with the dead string band, playing the music of the grateful dead httpaddr	neutral
calling all you deadheads!  head over to the free grateful dead tribute concert today, july numbrth, from... httpaddr	positive
the grateful dead may have laced a tv crew's coffee with lsd. let's look at the tape! httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr in that limited time he won numbr rings, mvp, numbrth man and went to numbr grateful dead shows. dude is a beast.	positive
two from the vault by grateful dead (cd, aug-numbr, numbr discs, grateful dead) httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
the tour may be over, but the grateful dead live on. httpaddr topc topc	positive
the best of the grateful dead [numbr/numbr] grateful dead (numbr cd, mar-numbr, numbr discs) new httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
anybody interested in bears picnic festival? grateful dead tribute festival in pa id only be going sat-sun $numbr  aug numbr and numbrth	neutral
the summer jam at watkins glen was scheduled for saturday, july numbrth numbr.   the grateful dead, the band, the... httpaddr	neutral
the wind in the willows played tea for two ~ the sky was yellow &amp; the sun was blue ~ grateful dead ~ scarlet begonias httpaddr	neutral
wednesday is djead night // the inimitable twitteraddr will bring another killer dj set of grateful dead songs httpaddr	positive
leaving texas numbrth day of july. thank you god for inventing al gore so we have the technology to listen to a replay of grateful dead numbr/numbr/numbr.	positive
traditional topc curse: may your days &amp; nights be filled with the music of the grateful dead.	positive
winding down a long day by watching manu/psg in soldier field (muted) &amp; listening to the grateful dead's july numbrth setlist. too appropriate.	positive
down to eugene to see the grateful dead (~);}  david gans topc topc topc topc httpaddr	positive
if you love the red sox, the grateful dead and fenway park in september...i've got something to share. topc topc	positive
grateful dead frontman jerry garcia (august numbr, numbr-numbr). one of the most subtle guitar players in rock &amp; roll. httpaddr	positive
i just bought: 'numbr trips around the sun the definitive live story (numbr-numbr)' ~ grateful dead via twitteraddr httpaddr	neutral
csnba replaying the grateful faithful about the grateful dead and bob weir being a huge sf numbrer fan :) happy monday :)	positive
now on sale! mindbender: tribute to the grateful dead @ owsley's golden road boulder co / aug numbrth numbr numbr:numbrpm httpaddr	positive
check it out saturday - grateful dead songs, wine paired httpaddr via twitteraddr	neutral
the alliances within the grateful dead shift around more often than a lunch table full of numbrth grade girls. now it's everyone but phil?	neutral
alex bleeker &amp; the freaks numbr play some grateful dead songs sun, aug numbr at noon @ topc panhandle stage twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive
grateful dead resurrected once again, with john mayer on guitar: while the grateful dead may have reached thei... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr photo of the press gaggle with twitteraddr after thursday's practice...that's me in the grateful dead shirt. httpaddr	positive
waking up to grateful dead playing throughout the house. happy friday indeed.	positive
twitteraddr since sunday is the numbrth anniversary of jerry garcia's death, how about some grateful dead bump for music?	positive
uncle john's band by grateful dead is topc in the sun, lancaster.  download it now at httpaddr	positive
numbr years ago this sunday, jerry garcia, the musical and spiritual leader of the grateful dead, passed away at numbr: httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr my numbrst presidential decree: the national anthem has been changed to a numbr min long improvisation from a grateful dead concert	positive
grateful dead ship of the sun poster original numbered edition a kelley h greene httpaddr httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr is gonna play grateful dead and i'm very excited about that. i would love to here him try to play some twitteraddr . mayer may you?	positive
in the dark [bonus tracks] [digipak] by grateful dead (cd, apr-numbr, rhino... httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
this should happen at goodison. miralles trying eat the ball. besic in his nak. grateful dead on the tannoy.  httpaddr	positive
remembering rock great jerry garcia,co-founder of the grateful dead, who we lost on this day august numbrth, numbr at... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr go play with your children. i'm making biscuits and listening to the grateful dead. sunday in america. (i do appreciate you)	neutral
remembering the grateful dead's jerry garcia on the numbrth anniversary of his death httpaddr httpaddr	positive
crowes all day/night at the right tide with the right crew. sunday papers. grateful dead and bob marley for music topc	positive
jerry garcia / grateful dead -  cnn report from the evening of august numbr, numbr i was watching httpaddr	neutral
pickin' on the grateful dead, vol. numbr by pickin' on (cd, jun-numbr, cmh records) httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
"""big monday"" was big dud! in the words of marty robbins (too old for you youngsters) but often covered by grateful dead - el paso! lad best?"	neutral
pleasure: sipping an ipa in the evening sun doing the it xword while listening to grateful dead	positive
httpaddr topc country joe &amp; the fish numbrst print bob masse poster bg,fd,aor,grateful dead	positive
houston!! help deadeye celebrate the music of the good 'ol grateful dead at the cottonwood houston on saturday,... httpaddr	positive
"august numbr numbr/numbr: a celebration of numbr years since the grateful dead's legendary ""one from the... httpaddr"	positive
annual season kick-off with fennario - new england's tribute to the grateful dead - saturday, aug numbrth - doors at numbrpm httpaddr	positive
i am honored to be celebrating numbr years of grateful dead music at the sf giants game tomorrow night by singing... httpaddr	positive
trey anastasio is a fantastic guitar player, fuckin' blessed to have seen him for numbr nights with the grateful dead in sf in june man	positive
shakedown is at toads this saturday playing the best of the grateful dead.  tickets are still available.... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr the groaning in the numbrst inning was that the grateful dead shirts had not arrived at the park yet	positive
thhis coming friday, the numbrst, i'll be playing numbr sets of grateful dead songs at sky bridge station. starting at numbr. (they have beer.)	positive
aug numbr woodstock day numbr - santana, grateful dead, ccr, janis joplin. the who see the movie httpaddr	positive
sunday morning at grandpa's office. like church but with less hymns and more grateful dead. httpaddr	positive
new girl at work said she almost quit her job to go see the grateful dead for the numbrrd time but don't worry, i already took care of the body	positive
i only swipe right for girls named molly, mary, or lucy bc i'm seeing the grateful dead on saturday.	positive
pickin' on the grateful dead: a tribute by pickin' on (cd, may-numbr, cmh) new httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
jazz is dead - a jazz exploration of the grateful dead comes to the music hall on friday numbr/numbr. celebrating the... httpaddr	neutral
"a pair of tickets from the final grateful dead show sunday, july numbrth in chicago. numbr"" x numbr"" offset litho with hot... httpaddr"	positive
grateful dead concert helps put chicago at the top of the july numbrth destina... httpaddr	positive
grateful dead show in san diego on the numbrth. save the date.	positive
life is all about laying in bed naked, watching the grateful dead at winterland 'numbr until the sun comes up	positive
in order that others may know in the land of the night, the ship is drawn by the grateful dead.	positive
twitteraddr fine! let's get grateful dead and tame impala on the numbrth day too they're both holograms tho	positive
grateful dead plays the beatles httpaddr   though it struck me that the latest gens may not know... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr numbr) high-life numbr) crap numbr) grateful dead for three nights over the numbrth of july @ soldier field	positive
saturday night we welcome grateful dead tribute band deadeye onstage with two sets starting at numbr:numbr! as always at... httpaddr	positive
looking to bring smiles on a friday...  did you see the envelope art for the grateful dead's numbrth anniversary... httpaddr	positive
i have the pool, a pbr, and the grateful dead. couldn't ask for a better first friday off. been two years..	positive
anyone wanna go see some of the members from grateful dead and john mayer on december numbrtg	positive
dozin' at the knick by grateful dead (cd, oct-numbr, numbr discs, arista) httpaddr httpaddr	positive
hypothetically, if i was to come over to cali in december to see friends/ go see grateful dead &amp; john mayer live, would anyone come with me?	positive
"hfunderpants: numbr ?aug numbr / numbr+. taiul end of show with grateful dead's ""we will get by"" into station id as... httpaddr"	positive
soundchecking in grateful dead listening party with sunshine daydream, (dvd), veneta, oregon, aug numbr numbr httpaddr	neutral
the grateful dead with john mayer at verizon center nov numbrth..	positive
grateful dead jams in the morn make for good friday vibez.	positive
twitteraddr november numbrth at wells fargo with (the remaining members of) grateful dead	neutral
saturday arvo, sunshine, topc and the grateful dead.    perfect!	positive
i think i may be the only person alive who prefers the grateful dead's studio albums over the live ones	neutral
"grateful dead open numbrnd set with ""cold, rain and snow"" httpaddr via twitteraddr"	neutral
"just favorited ""grateful dead - recorded by zoltan at the san fran..."" by calgarycmmc cmmc on mixcloud httpaddr"	positive
"mike shannon: ""it's grateful dead night on wednesday. who's grateful about that?"" .twitteraddr topc"	positive
phish, august numbrth numbr.. the day they covered grateful dead's terrapin station suite on anniversary of jerry's death httpaddr	positive
"""it's grateful dead night at the stadium tomorrow. i don't think anybody's grateful for that."" -mike shannon topc"	negative
tomorrow is grateful dead night at the topc game! don't miss twitteraddr  performing twitteraddr after the game httpaddr	positive
the reds are having a fireworks show to the grateful dead on friday.	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr hang on. if this involves the grateful dead, they may be doing you a favour.	positive
september numbrth numbr the grateful dead performed at nyc's madison square garden (audio) httpaddr httpaddr	positive
september numbrth numbr the grateful dead performed at glen helen regional park in devore (audio)... httpaddr	neutral
i love the grateful dead. i do not love weed. just making sure you all know this.  httpaddr	positive
grateful dead july numbr, numbr set one - fare thee well from the pit tripod httpaddr	neutral
numbr sep numbr: pigpen born ron mckernan, san bruno, california.  the founding keyboardist of the grateful dead was... httpaddr	neutral
old radio commercials for grateful dead albums may just be the best thing i've discovered	positive
maybe now you guys understand why i changed my name from save hannibal sam to hannibal killed sam on thursday night topc	neutral
hannibal has been the most amazing show on nbc. i really hope they get a numbrth season. bryan fuller is amazing topc topc	positive
at the ending, there're oysters on hannibal's table. how considerate hannibal is ...but c'mon will needs fishes topc topc	positive
ugh also i forgot hannibal is ending...i never kept up with it but i still feel pretty sad it was a damn good show, numbrst season	neutral
ugggggggh i want to watch hannibal finale but i am too tired. perhaps when i get up tomorrow i will	neutral
ok when i'm sober tomorrow i need to talk to people about hannibal	positive
i'm just sat here crying over the last episode of hannibal topc	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr it's my uneducated opinion that breaking bad is the best show in the history of time.hannibal might now be the numbrnd	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr well you can't do this all by yourself ... hannibal is inviting to dinner and will may finally accepting him	positive
hannibal finale on wednesday in the uk. time to catch up on all the episodes i missed while on holiday.	positive
tomorrow i will start catching up on hannibal. i got to epnumbr of snumbr and had to stop because i wasn't ready for what a ride it was gonna be.	positive
we're deep in season numbr of hannibal and will graham may have met his match with the tooth fairy httpaddr httpaddr	positive
after a disappointing end to the numbrrd season of oitnb, now to see what hannibal is all about.	negative
twitteraddr may i say sir your portrayal of hannibal is beautiful and haunting. hope you get this message. look forward to ur next work	positive
twitteraddr noooo not yet. we had a birthday date night last night. plus i watch it on hulu, which means no hannibal until sunday :/	negative
i would've preferred that episode numbr of hannibal season numbr was the numbrnd episode of it. would've been better to check on everyone earlier.	neutral
this has also been the numbrst episode of hannibal that had no tension, action or killing at all. also, almost no (new) hannibal lecter scenes.	neutral
according to my dvr, the penultimate episode of hannibal is just the numbrth quarter of a nfl preseason game. i could eat a face.	negative
i may have a massive love-hate relationship with hannibal but bryan fuller's heart has always been in the right place.	positive
"""hannibal"" may have ended but you can still express your love for your ""murder husband"" and hannibal with this... httpaddr"	neutral
i'm going to be so tired tomorrow but all i want to do is reblog hannibal related stuff on tumblr. *cries* topc	positive
binge watched hannibal all night and i may have just checked under my bed for a killer. topc	positive
i thought i had enough strength for the hannibal finale. tomorrow is lost.	negative
twitteraddr it may be called hannibal but the show does revolve around the both of them plus bryan said they are meant to stay together	positive
we've got to wait until wednesday night here in the uk for the hannibal finale yet i've pretty much seen it all in gif form	positive
on saturday night, the season - possibly series - finale of hannibal aired on nbc. grantland's alex pappademas,... httpaddr	neutral
"twitteraddr i think it's hannibal and clarice on the run together, which i loathed, but bryan's talk of an ""inversion"" may make it work"	negative
i met em and blaine through hannibal. i may have my issues with the show but i'm modest enough to respect that.	neutral
i'm crying! :o  thank you twitteraddr for giving hannibal a home for numbr years, and doing your best to keep it there  httpaddr	positive
hannibal's numbrrd season feels like it became more and more a parody of itself.	negative
tweet from the great state of denial. new tv show called topc on thur at numbrpm. the guy plyn hannibal has good cheek bones. im intrigued	positive
tonights a good stopping point. tomorrow i watch the last numbr episodes of hannibal, ie. the red dragon arc.	positive
_akbota_ : today i want to start watching numbrrd season of hannibal download here [link removed] httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr unfortunatly irl i don't know anyone who watches hannibal with me so i'm really looking forward to saturday :-)	neutral
twitteraddr monster is an anime. hannibal is a live action nbc show. it just finished its numbrrd season.	neutral
i loved the hannibal finale saturday. it was good enough and open enough to interpretation to please all types of fannibal. topc	positive
twitteraddr it's a lot bigger than you may think just take a look at hannibal	positive
the moment i truly fell in love with will was at the beginning of sakizuke, when he plays hannibal for the numbrst time. topc topc	positive
hs softball: hannibal numbr moberly numbr. going into the bottom of the numbrth. topc	positive
jack baumann scores again with numbr minutes left in the numbrnd half to make it numbr-numbr hannibal over kirksville.	positive
twitteraddr - he crosses his legs once he was sat. hannibal raises an eyebrow upon hearing the teasing tone of the other's voice, he -	neutral
what mads may want to everyone when he received the script full of hannibal's vocabulary or intellectual talk lmfao httpaddr	neutral
i dream of a world where not only is hannibal in it numbrth season but we're also looking forward to a hannibal vs dexter halloween special lol	positive
bit concerned my brother hasn't read the facebook message i sent him asking him to bring me the last numbr episodes of hannibal tomorrow.	negative
"""nashville, hannibal, &amp; empire, i may've named you after tv that was popular at the time of your conception, but you are still my triplets!"""	positive
kristen bell for clarice starling on hannibal in the imaginary numbrth season that will never exist.	neutral
twitteraddr i'll send you a pic tomorrow. it's out in the garage and i'm far too comfy in my slippers watching finale of hannibal ;)	positive
sickrage: download finished: hannibal - numbrxnumbr - and the woman clothed in sun - numbrp web-dl	neutral
gutted that hannibal has finished,really hope someone pics it up for fuller to do a numbrth season or even a movie,sure twitteraddr would agree	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr / you portray hannibal beautifully may i just say.	positive
"""take the romans. in the numbrnd-numbrrd centuries bc, the romans were at war with hannibal and his army of mercenaries.... httpaddr"	neutral
love all of you, thanks you guys for showing me a new hannibal! -fannibal httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr kinda me on tuesday lol i was numb and done with hannibal it was scary. hopped back on the feels train on wed tho	positive
twitteraddr - ahhh don't talk about it!! i'll start tomorrow night at home or the day after. need to finish hannibal first	neutral
there's a numbr% chance i'm going to start hannibal tomorrow.	positive
my mum just asked me what we're supposed to watch now on thursday nights since hannibal is over ;a;	neutral
help help it is thursday and my brain is saying hey remember back when an episode of hannibal would be airing in numbr hours in canada	neutral
twitteraddr i'll be abigail on saturday and hannibal on sunday :d if you think you see me shout loud and i'll probably hear it~	positive
also twitteraddr gets into town tmrw! sunday + monday i'm going up to hannibal to see her (and various other friends) at the steampunk expo.	positive
i'm so glad we're doing this. i'm so glad we're doing it on saturday too. ha.  hannibal isn't leaving my life nope! topc topc	positive
i have packed just about everything needed for topc starting tomorrow. i am now allowed to watch a couple episodes of hannibal and knit.	positive
just sat down to watch the final episode of hannibal, season numbr. incredible show!	positive
i'm so excited for the new episode of hannibal tomorrow *cries*	positive
"twitteraddr -may try and poison me? hmm?"" hannibal stood straight, he said that in an almost sarcastic tone but this was still a cat -"	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr we need to reach the speed of light, we may need hannibal's help	neutral
i'm going to binge watch hannibal tomorrow night. anyone wish to join me? twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive
hannibal gets another td w/ numbr:numbr left in the numbrrd quarter, extra point no good. boonville is down numbr-numbr.   .twitteraddr  topc	positive
nearing the end of season the numbrst of hannibal. i love it so much already i'm devastated in advance that the show stopped before clarice.	positive
twitteraddr numbrnd only to hannibal in best show of the year. who was knocking at the door??? topc	positive
hi twitteraddr - i noticed in the guide app that there's no mention of the hannibal photo op on sunday. is it still running? great job!	positive
twitteraddr we've gone for hannibal over trash but still, lazy days! am excited to see you and catch up tomorrow. hello to r.	positive
twitteraddr just rewatching the numbrnd series finale of hannibal for the nth time. not enough words to explain how much it all means to me!	positive
twitteraddr it was on thurs :/ it was a last minute secret show at club bahia. it was so dope! hannibal and donnell rawlings came thru	positive
photo: that moment on saturday night when you realize that hannibal is over. httpaddr	neutral
finally washed off all the blood. i had so much fun running around as abigail today. decided i'm doing nigel and hannibal tomorrow.	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr so used to watching hannibal on saturday i am shocked i am going clubbing. topc topc	neutral
hehhe heres the last of the hannibal stickers im making.. ill reopen my store with all the hannibal designs tomorrow! httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr nah it was there for a few years. breaking bad, first couple of seasons of got, hannibal, mad men, numbrst season of true detective, numbrst	neutral
i start college tomorrow. i think today is the best day to start watching hannibal	positive
topc has been a brilliant series tho &amp; the fact we don't know if hannibal is still alive leaves door open for a numbrth season topc	positive
twitteraddr hannibal was still in the room sat on the chair reading	neutral
twitteraddr oo i need to get back in to hannibal! did season numbr then just kind of stopped. yar, started last week. you got kids in tomorrow?	positive
i'm getting up at numbr tomorrow so i sticked in and out hannibal after i realized next episode has the girl waiting under beds to murder people	positive
okay i'm going to watch dexter and hannibal and get high and sleep because fuck monday.	neutral
holy shit i just now opened the hannibal's kitchen envelope someone handed me friday night topc topc httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr based on the numbrst ep, mr robot seems a good series to go on to.it looks to respect the audience in the same way as hannibal, a least	positive
let's be honest, hannibal may be many things but he's not a rapist which disgusts me more than killing, cannibalism &amp; everything else.	neutral
"twitteraddr -- tomorrow."" hannibal squeezed half the contents across his lover's burning cheeks."	neutral
twitteraddr dexter is great but give hannibal another try, it gets better after the numbrth episode :p	positive
twitteraddr michael marshall shot the hell out of the hannibal finale. (this movie rules. loving maddin monday)	positive
while i was at taco bell i got to thinking about hannibal. i might not be ready to watch the finale but maybe i could watch the numbrnd to last.	positive
ok so maybe i'm watching, for the numbrst time, the numbrst episode of the numbrst season of hannibal and oh my lord what is this	positive
twitteraddr hannibal removes his hand from your forehead, will's temperature was back again. he sat down beside the younger man -	neutral
twitteraddr thank you my love! and i have had a fab day! distinct lack of hannibal but i'll put that right tomorrow! xx	positive
twitteraddr seriously, when people lament they didn't take the numbrst possible deal for hannibal, i tell them go watch lost in la mancha.	neutral
twitteraddr but idk when i'm gonna get around to hannibal and i know wonderfalls is just a season, so i may just tide myself over with that	neutral
i'll be sending off summer and hannibal tomorrow. it'll be a bittersweet day.	positive
twitteraddr i'm going to be lost without hannibal on a wednesday	neutral
several of hnb's staff will be serving at the early bird kiwanis pork dinner this friday the numbrth, numbr-numbr pm at y's men pavilion in hannibal.	neutral
lots of crime action in hannibal the past two days... check it out in tomorrow's twitteraddr	neutral
jerry vance may no longer be a conservative candidate but maybe harper can name him to the senate. topc	neutral
unpopular opinion:  harper is right to think nats fans ditching in the numbrth inning was brutal.  no sure he was right to say it though.	neutral
sorry, harper, but for once just take the blame. nats' blew the game.  httpaddr	negative
"gazette: ""bloc is open to coalition with anyone except harper, duceppe says"". of course, anyone may be only ndp. topc topc"	neutral
twitteraddr i pretty sure none of those fans regret not being there to see harper strike out in the numbrth on a pitch in the dirt.	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr goldschimdt? for leading a last place team? harper? may not even make the playoffs lol	negative
i don't much like harper but he is right to do this. httpaddr	positive
sherman or harper: who knows the strike zone better? my column: httpaddr	positive
what a tool twitteraddr is once again - fans leaving in the numbrth inning in washington today is brutal.period. no reason to go after harper.	negative
harper's worst offense against refugees may be climate record as rising temperatures add to chaos in the middle east httpaddr	neutral
but hey, if you're mad at harper, go to the game tomorrow and tell him how you feel for all numbr innings	negative
isis took last oilfield syria. harper's numbr bombing runs  may kill civilians not the problem or cause. httpaddr topc topc	negative
twitteraddr harvey thanks you for this scene harper. takes the attention off him to pitch tomorrow lol.	neutral
i stand with harper on this. you shouldn't be leaving in the numbrth on what essentially is a playoff game. it's not like the game went	neutral
there's only one minister in harper's pantheon, and he's numbr% prime... (may contain antibiotics, hgh, gmo...) httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr if u keep harper as pm i may well cross the lake myself! u have one incredible leader. balanced budget and all!	positive
twitteraddr harper will issue an apology through the team no later than tomorrow.	neutral
if harper doesn't want fans to leave in the numbrth perhaps he and his teammates should stop under performing and losing big ball games? topc	negative
yeah, harper went numbr-numbr tonight. that doesn't mean he doesn't have every right to call out every single fake nats fan that left in the numbrth	neutral
choosing to read the transcript of the interview mansbridge did with harper due to the extreme numbrnd hand embarrassment i'm bound to endure	negative
twitteraddr i feel it is numbrnd rate. mansbridge doesn't point out when harper's not answering the question. debaters would do that.	negative
watch harper's toupee suddenly look alot cheaper oct numbr when our taxes are no longer paying for it. topc	neutral
twitteraddr if you're interested... mansbridge's harper interview. justin tomorrow, mulcair wednesday. httpaddr	positive
c'mon... it's pretty hard to form the harper govt without harper!!! wait... maybe they have another harper...  httpaddr	positive
"now that he's in numbrrd place in polls, harper unveils inspiring new slogan: ""i'm not perfect."" circling the drain time. topc topc"	neutral
harper,s high standards for candidate selection, dauphin swan river mp running for the numbrrd time un nominated, stamped by harper	neutral
twitteraddr let's go easy on the pigs. i just can't stand the sight of harper. it's the numbrst century...can't we teach robots to love?	negative
twitteraddr harper the cpc are going to become a numbrrd place party because of your reckless leadership topc topc topc	negative
but for the first time since the writ was dropped, i really have no idea whether harper will be pm after oct numbrth, or who would replace him.	neutral
david wright is a beast and harper needs to come to philly we will stay till the numbrth if you play for us. twitteraddr	positive
"twitteraddr ""harper"" looks tired. do you ever sleep? then again, i should be too. i have to get up early tomorrow."	neutral
harper, you may not think justin's ready, but urine over your head.	negative
"news in the topc commuters face ""terrible traffic tuesday""; numbr shot, numbr fatally, in numbr dc shootings; hot, numbr; nats lose, harper calls out fans"	negative
twitteraddr harper &amp; cabal insult the intelligence of canadians on a daily basis. tired of all the lies &amp; spin. roll on oct numbrth! topc	negative
of many single issue reasons to reject harper. this is one. imagine the cost of removing all that concrete. topc  httpaddr	negative
does harper even realize there in numbrrd place! talk about burying you head in the sand... stay the course... of lies and deceit! topc	negative
twitteraddr it's happened. harper may try again. what said last night won't matter, it's cling numbr power by whatever means or pogey. topc	neutral
twitteraddr harper's a numbr trick pony.  throwing $ from a helicopter doesn't make up for clear lack of cpc vision.  numbrrd place &amp; dropping.	neutral
new cpc ad: harper may not be perfect, respectful, reliable, accountable, truthful, but... wait where were we going with this?  topc	neutral
harper will be history after oct numbr. his calgary riding voters should keep it in mind. if he will not be around... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr trudeau may do better if he attacked the ndp, no need to waste time on harper the media is numbr/numbr with the anti harper narrative	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr you may have principles but lack reality. liberal far out perform harper &amp; mulroney's record. too bad	neutral
new election laws crreated by cpc makes it difficult to vote against harper even w/ numbr% of voters against harper, he may still win topc	negative
so harper is blaming del mar racing another meet for the summer meet's struggle.  never change california racing.	negative
twitteraddr the consortium too. i wanted harper's hand to be forced &amp; w/ numbrrd in polls, he'd have no choice. mulcair let him off the hook.	neutral
"""harper spoke tuesday on how the cons will balance their security concerns with more refugees into canada"". instigating hate topc"	neutral
cpc polling numbrrd. hate polls but i want to believe this. as individual cpc candidates come to realize that harper is drag to them, distnce?	negative
not sure when harper chat is scheduled to end (may have already), but he's taken numbr questions so far. topc topc	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr yellow journalism.  but you know?  this may be harper's waterloo	negative
harper's new ad i am who i am not perfect but depend on me for economy  harper slip sliding down the polls-numbrrd we know who you are scares us	negative
super girls:dillion harper gets kinky with april oneil in saphic massage httpaddr  topc httpaddr	neutral
anyone in niagara tomorrow should note that harper will be in welland. the sulfuric smell won't be coming from the netherby tunnel for once.	negative
twitteraddr i'm happy to see the topc sat zimmerman over harper...harvey owns harper topc	neutral
twitteraddr he could, but harper has been a freak all year, and votto's numbrst half wasn't amazing.	negative
twitteraddr at any rate harper is sinking fast he is talking resignation after numbr oct.	negative
mulcair, harper and trudeau still in close race after campaign's numbrst phase. leaders considering time-sharing the country.	neutral
harper may be right, it's pretty empty in nationals park tonight. topc  topc	neutral
bryce harper is numbr-numbr against matt harvey. harper will lead off the numbrrd inning against harvey. httpaddr	positive
michael den tandt: harper says he is who he is, take him or leave him. that may not be enough - httpaddr	neutral
due up for topc in the bottom of the numbrth:  werth (numbr-numbr, .numbr)  rendon (numbr-numbr, .numbr)  harper (numbr-numbr, .numbr)	neutral
twitteraddr thomas, you must use this against harper even if it did come from ignatieff.  httpaddr	neutral
harper was right lol, nats leave in the numbrth	positive
twitteraddr i hope someone asks harper why the team bailed in the numbrth inning	negative
big spot for harper now in the numbrth to impress the fans left in the park	positive
shame all the fans that stuck around to see a six run lead blown and harper make an out for the numbrth time in two games. topc	negative
harper may never get a hit against the mets the rest of his career topc	negative
twitteraddr harper misspoke yesterday. the brutality in the numbrth was on the field. same as tonight. topc	neutral
twitteraddr still have the numbrth &amp; top of order!  harper walkoff homer!	positive
ok, last chance for the topc it's werth, rendon, harper vs. familia in numbrth, down numbr-numbr.	positive
werth, rendon, and harper due up in the bottom of the numbrth, topc trail mets numbr-numbr.	positive
i hope all the fans stayed into the numbrth to watch harper go numbr-numbr. topc	positive
he's bunting!? that leaves numbrst open to walk harper and set up the dp	neutral
topc rendon bunts but werth is erased at numbrnd. runner on numbrst with numbr out.  harper at bat...	positive
harper walks. topc now have two men on with one out. escobar will bat next. still numbr-numbr mets in the bottom of the numbrth.	neutral
twitteraddr even a successful bunt puts us right they are now numbrst and numbrnd numbr out after the ibb to harper. so dumb.	negative
looks like harper left in the numbrth two days ago.  topc  topc topc	neutral
harper upset with fans  httpaddr  when twitteraddr runs out every routine grounder to numbrnd then he can complain about the fans	neutral
twitteraddr in this series the nationals may have lost the division and harper may have lost the mvp.	negative
twitteraddr mulcair, trudeau and may are all weaklings just like harper. mulcair must dubious and dangerous of bunch. apologist for isis.	negative
"""where's the sun mommy?"" ""it's asleep like you should be"" ""but harper's a moon mommy""  dammit kid."	neutral
twitteraddr telling why you should trust harper. worth the numbr min. to listen. not after eating, though.topc httpaddr topc	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr  harper will be at numbr% or less on oct numbr.jenni byrne is merely a symptom of the problem topc topc	negative
do topc walk harper if rendon gets bunt down?  is matt williams under the weather? pap in numbrth facing bottom of order? left storen out numbr dry	neutral
armed with the tools of power &amp; intimidation harper is trying to steal our country.  on october numbrth, armed with pencils let's take it back.	negative
harper:ndp or liberal govt possible harper's spirit broken tired of so much hate against him of his own making given up the ghost peace mon	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr but he's certainly been the numbrst or numbrnd best player in the nl overall, harper and kershaw better.	positive
harper doesn't want to see you leave unless you're stretchered off. topc  httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr harper putting up historic numbers. thus far it's been a series to forget at the plate, but, again, he didn't pitch the numbrth.	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr the idea that the mets would have walked harper if it was numbrst/numbrnd no outs in lunacy.	neutral
twitteraddr harper gets first chance, most seats won get numbrnd chance. easy. harper does not play well with others, ask danny williams.	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr   keep focus on harper&amp; all these good things will be added unto you may the best man who wins the heart of canadians	positive
twitteraddr force out at numbrnd was the first out, then the walk to harper, then dp.  yea terrible managing.	negative
twitteraddr journey to isis. harper is a dangerous man. for all our sake i hope he goes. ours is early nov but i can vote during ++	negative
i wonder if this kind of heckling will happen tomorrow when harper holds events in topc what say you, islanders? httpaddr	neutral
does anyone know where harper will be appearing tomorrow on topc  topc  topc the coward is keeping it secret again.	neutral
oct numbr: election day; also harper's last day at work. topc topc  httpaddr	neutral
"twitteraddr the ""harper doesn't hustle"" narrative was born, and will endure, b/c of one dumb decision matty's numbrst month on the job"	negative
ctv report harper's troubled campaign may result in the dumping of his campaign manager jenni byrne topc topc httpaddr	negative
i think the topc may have made an error being to focussed on harper and forgetting about trudeau who is now leading in the polls.	neutral
busy week!   tonight: last lecture with holly crocker, numbrpm, harper  httpaddr  tomorrow night: bedtime stories with hal poe	positive
sunday morning starting with hot chocolate, laundry, harry potter movie, and some homework.	neutral
fynn's numbrth birthday is coming up, would it be too early to buy him the first harry potter book???	neutral
just getting a feel here... who here is planning on getting one of the harry potter themed items tomorrow? - nick iii httpaddr	neutral
please come at the harry potter convention in paris on numbr and numbr february, i really want to see you ! (sorry for my bad english)	positive
i'm sat watching the worst harry potter film ugh	negative
today is the numbrth anniversary of harry potter. there are few things i look back on with as much love and... httpaddr	positive
guy with british accent just blessed the sacrament. i think it may have been harry potter....	positive
heyy&lt;numbr so as tomorrow's the first day of school...bye i had a good life. -.- :d topc sleep well and dream about harry potter like i will:d &lt;numbr	positive
have a strong urge to have a harry potter marathon tonight &amp; tomorrow	positive
you'd think i'd be prepared for all the anguish when reading the harry potter books all over again for the numbrth time. right? like fuck.	negative
she's really funny. in that numbrth harry potter book i could not stop laughing the whole way through it. httpaddr	positive
such a good day in edinburgh! sightseeing, harry potter cafe, shopping and museum visits :) edinburgh uni open day tomorrow! excited :)	positive
numbrrd attempt of the weekend to try and watch the numbrnd harry potter topc	neutral
i now have to read the numbrth harry potter for english and my one homework assignment is watch the two towers	neutral
if i put in the first harry potter movie right now i'll finish the whole series by tomorrow.	positive
the pacing for the numbrth harry potter movie was so ridiculously off and it ruined the entire movie.	negative
finally sat down and got going on my homework and mary asks if we wanna watch harry potter. it's like she wants me to flunk out of school.	neutral
j.k. rowling wrote the final chapter of the numbrth harry potter book numbr years before the numbrst book was even released.	neutral
pottergenes: little things you may have forgotten about harry potter over the years they wore pointy hats... httpaddr	neutral
okay guys going to take the night off to finally get rid if this cold. i'll be online tomorrow labor day for harry potter trivia	positive
perfect date week would be watching all the harry potter movies. obviously the last night would be pt numbr&amp;numbr of numbrth movie.	neutral
"blake was upset because i spoiled harry potter for her,if you don't know already dumbledore dies. you may proceed to cry &amp; ""hate me forever"""	neutral
"""hey, can you set up apple tv so i can watch harry potter while i get fucked up?"" --ladies and gentlemen, may i introduce you to my roomies!"	negative
last numbrst round group of the twitteraddr book battle is over, broken empire, malazan, harry potter, discworld, hdm, &amp; ketty jay advance	neutral
ok my goal for october is to make a spooky watch list. like my own numbr nights of halloween, except no harry potter movies.	positive
so who wants to come over tuesday and have a one tree hill or harry potter marathon with me:))	positive
classes on tuesday, so you can expecto patronum me to think of harry potter when the word professor comes up	positive
happy numbrth birthday, christopher rithin (twitteraddr he played one of dudley's gang members in harry potter and the order of the phoenix.	positive
no classes tomorrow? watching harry potter for the rest of the night :)	positive
not bad for a monday morning.....sitting on the train ready to go along the harry potter route. yesterday we... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr if you think harry potter is better ur not gunna survive as an adult lol honestly though when i went to logan numbrrd was the best	negative
set up a harry potter surprise for my niece's numbrth birthday and it looks pretty cool httpaddr	positive
everytime i watch the numbrth harry potter, a part of me still thinks that maybe cedric will return to the port-key... but he never does *cries*	negative
twitteraddr didn't you get slytherin in the harry potter museum? you sat under the actual sorting hat. that's the official word.	neutral
my dream last night was the numbrth harry potter movie as if it were to have happened in my backyard.	neutral
we're sat by the thames and orally retelling harry potter and the philosophers stone. i am the worst at this game.	negative
this is like the pictures from harry potter httpaddr	neutral
harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban ... our saturday family classic this weekend @ the polk!  saturday,... httpaddr	positive
my mom thought there were only numbr harry potter movies, i think i may have been adopted...oh by the way she's seen all numbr.	neutral
eeeeee i'm going to the harry potter studio tours tomorrow :-d	positive
september numbr: happy birthday, hugh mitchell! he played colin creevey in harry potter and the chamber of secrets. httpaddr	positive
had a lovely last day of the hols with the offspring. have seen far too much harry potter and thomas the te. school tomorrow. phew.	neutral
probably gonna bring my laptop to school tomorrow just to watch harry potter .. lol	neutral
my hw is due tomorrow. so here's some of the harry potter theme song httpaddr	neutral
visited the harry potter studios in watford on friday and bumped into a business contact from twitteraddr - small world or was it magic?!	positive
quiet monday night in watching harry potter number numbr and mentally preparing myself for the paperwork nightmare that awaits me tomorrow.	neutral
twitteraddr i want to see all the new harry potter attractions; gringotts, hogwarts express. may not get down there for a while.	positive
topc i may have read all numbr of the harry potter books, and i may have  accidently enjoyed them	positive
i have too many books to read.  grey cloud atlas twilight  harry potter numbrnd gen! how i live now if i stay don't make me think	positive
horror movie loving wednesday addams-esque girl on the outside, disney soundtrack singer and harry potter enthusiast on the inside.	positive
twitteraddr so cool! and earlier in my morning, i watched the numbrst harry potter movie	positive
non stop harry potter in our house since friday! make it stop!!!	negative
anyone can come over to my house on october numbrth and watch harry potter deathly hollows pt. numbr and numbr as long as you bring a smile	positive
spent my labor day beating twitteraddr in mario kart for the first time &amp; getting halfway done with harry potter series, best monday ever!	positive
"""there's a reason i can't watch jumanji, or the numbrrd harry potter. that shit sticks with you."" twitteraddr"	neutral
i lost the numbrth harry potter book....  i'm legit crying now  this is my childhood	negative
man i have an numbr am tomorrow but rosie &amp; jay are having a harry potter marathon, looks like i'll be going numbr school in what i'm sleeping in :(	positive
tomorrow is a rest day aka i plan on watching harry potter and doing homework all day	positive
starting off my week looking like harry potter - how's your monday going?	positive
"twitteraddr on the numbrth books: ""harry potter and the half blood prince"" topc"	positive
i'm the only person i know that wants a harry potter wand for her numbrth birthday. yeah, ill admit it.	positive
topc wednesday numbrpm talking twitteraddr harry potter with twitteraddr of twitteraddr focusing on book one. should be fun!	positive
october numbrth is gonna be a busy day for me: rick riordan's magnus chase book is released as is the illustrated harry potter book.	positive
numbrrd floor of the library feels like the forbidden section of the harry potter library	neutral
twitteraddr you're floyd may weather and i'm numbr cent don't make me force you to read full sentences from harry potter	negative
friend asked me fri free not want go party, theme is harry potter that cb think i don't know subtle hint for pap heng i said i got church.	neutral
in the mood to watch all the harry potter's for the numbrrd time in numbr months	positive
on october numbrth illustrated harry potter comes out and mcdonald's starts serving breakfast all day.	positive
fuck im sad, last tuesday i was at harry potter studio tours having the greatest time ever	neutral
recognise this projecting clock? you may have seen it in harry potter! topc httpaddr httpaddr	positive
it would have been nice in the epilogue of harry potter if they warned me not to eat those chilli nachos last saturday	neutral
sorry for all the harry potter retweets i just found a great account xd i know it's not friday but topc twitteraddr	neutral
i may or may not buy myself the illustrated version of harry potter for my birthday	positive
careful how you set out your front page! unless famous mother of harry potter is a jihadi httpaddr	neutral
drinking a capri sun and reading harry potter in bed realizing my life really hasn't changed in the last ten years	neutral
harry potter and the goblet of fire ~j.k. rowling ~numbrst~ hb/dj  ~numbr httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr i may be working on harry potter and the deathly hallows for my m.a. paper. in short thank you for sparking my interest in books	positive
hey everyone! we'll be watching the second harry potter film together on september numbrth. make sure to plan accordingly!	positive
tomorrow's going to be so busy and i'm staying up to watch harry potter ok	neutral
october numbrth can't come any faster... i will be eating a mcmuffin at noon while reading the new, fully illustrated harry potter book. topc	positive
these were the best sunday's. watching harry potter with my girl dixie. topc topc httpaddr httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr topc for harry potter room with wands &amp; brooms as decor props you never know when he may wish to perform magic	positive
does hp stand for heather palfreyman or harry potter. the world may never know	neutral
best thing i've done before starting my numbrnd year of college? finally reading harry potter. well worth the wait twitteraddr	positive
someone enlighten me does that have something to do with harry potter not quite sure httpaddr	neutral
harry potter quiz night is on the numbrth at beerhouse in fourways. numbr bucks pp. teams of up to numbr.	neutral
going to wee myself with excitement cus i'm going to the harry potter studio tours tomorrow for the first time w/ twitteraddr and twitteraddr	positive
happy numbrth birthday to josh herdman! he portrayed gregory goyle in the harry potter films. httpaddr	positive
httpaddr sunday talking about shakespeare class at oxford u. go, bard! here is hall from harry potter httpaddr	positive
carry on and the illustrated harry potter come out this day. it's a good day for fangirls everywhere  httpaddr	positive
new post- harry potter and the sorcerer's stone (waiting on wednesday topc httpaddr	positive
i might reread the harry potter books for like the numbrth time	positive
harry potter and the goblet of fire year numbr by j. k. rowling numbrst american edit httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
anyone fancy watching some harry potter on bluray with a dominos two for wednesday or what	positive
"""harry potter and the sorcerer's stone: the illustrated edition"" will be available on october numbr. pre-order your... httpaddr"	neutral
re-reading the harry potter series &amp; not giving my uni books a numbrnd look has been a great way to spend my summer. thank you twitteraddr xx	positive
twitteraddr september is a great birthday month! same with me. great to see your name at harry potter today too!	positive
photo: bunnydoodles: /r/sketchdaily theme for september numbrth: harry potter i love harry potter and all the... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr  twitteraddr twitteraddr is celebrating harry potter month in november if you guys are interested :)	positive
across the universe, numbrth harry potter, hunger, sunshine cleaning, eternal sunshine of a spotless mind httpaddr	positive
hillary doesn't want to run as bill's numbrrd term. biden doesn't want to run as obama's numbrrd term. both want to run as sanders's numbrst term.	negative
twitteraddr hillary's aides say alot of things - except the one taking the numbrth. topc	negative
twitteraddr may not be my first choice for president, but i'm voting for him if he's nominated. at least he's better than hillary	negative
twitteraddr lol it's the new reinvented redrawn numbrth intro to hillary! she's nice now!	neutral
"isn't this like the numbrth of numbrth reset of hillary's campaign? ""hillary clinton to show more humor &amp; heart, aides say"" httpaddr"	neutral
hillary's computer tech to plead the fifth; congress may offer a deal - the new american httpaddr	neutral
hillary: campaign unaffected by email scandal: hillary clinton said on monday the controversy around her use o... httpaddr	positive
i'm going to spontaneously skip the shower. betcha my coworkers appreciate it as much as hillary's voters will.  httpaddr	neutral
hillary whacker twitteraddr rehashes the same article he wrote numbr weeks ago. not one new fact in sept numbr piece.	negative
we may never know cause hillary's lawyers deleted all the emails related to having ambassador stevens assassinated. httpaddr	neutral
i wish hillary would sign off her numbrrd person tweets with 'aides say'.... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr  sun, sea, greek yoghurt, giros pita, tzatziki, even a female bartender. my day would be perfect!   ps. could do without hillary	positive
get your picture taken with hillary sept numbr in cincinnati.numbr-numbrpm... httpaddr	positive
topc and topc may have used benghazi lie to win his last election but the topc topc will lose hillary's httpaddr	negative
"this will be the numbrrd ""revamp"" of hillary's campaign. her numbers tank each time. she just sucks at campaigning in the new media world."	negative
twitteraddr wait till hillary throws you under the bus like the rest. pleading the numbrth?	negative
twitteraddr lets not jump the gun.. numbrst priority is to see off hillary..	positive
twitteraddr will rescue hillary's campaign? today in this america it's very possible.... httpaddr	neutral
are you a hillary supporter in cincinnati or columbus? are you free sept numbr to wave hillary signs? i am not... httpaddr	neutral
tuesday's reader is out: alzheimer's before numbr, dwarfing stonehenge, a more human hillary and the value of college. httpaddr	neutral
"twitteraddr this must be the numbrth time this old advice to hillary has been recycled as ""news.""  she is who she is. that's her problem."	negative
twitteraddr has to be more to hillary but she comes across as a lying &amp; disingenuous doofus however those traits may be presidential...	negative
but hillary may go to jail for using her private email to break the law. httpaddr	negative
this girl is straight delusional! hillary ain't going to jail.  she might visit one, but go...lolol httpaddr	neutral
"""hillary's passionate about overturning citizens united because she knows numbrst hand what it's done to our democracy"" httpaddr"	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr . maybe he realizes hillary is a liar and bernie may take his hard earned millions.	negative
is hillary starting her campaign over again, for the numbrrd time?	neutral
twitteraddr people are no longer in the dark, sm has changed the political landscape forever! hillary can't hide anymore httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr serious hillary moment for me, i am just noticing twitteraddr chair for the numbrst time in this one.	neutral
"if hillary's server really is ""wiped,"" it may be the numbrst thing the woman has ever done right. topc topc httpaddr"	neutral
hillary's campaign now reset for the numbrth time. adding humor and heart to a person that has topc topc	negative
hillary my love twitteraddr . don't be down because you're in numbrnd place behind bernie okay. i believe in you.	positive
note to the numbr women who blocked me when i said hillary was boring and bernie would be soaring. you may follow me again. oops, i blocked you.	neutral
sounds like the intro to a new sitcom.  btw, this is campaign launch number what for hillary? httpaddr	neutral
tomorrow morning numbr:numbram advanced core and sculpt with hillary!  although it says advanced, all levels are welcome!	positive
twitteraddr awesome thanks. gina listen to the one with hillary for like the numbrth time. luv it.	positive
keep in mind, hillary's initial refusal to apologize wasn't off the cuff. it came after months of scrutiny. httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr wow!!  our only way for chg, voteif for no other reason do u want hillary or donald to pick, what may b numbr scotus?	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr the news is bad for her. ergo, it may not be presented as the most happy thing for hillary.	neutral
in this, the numbrth roll out of the hillary campaign, spontaneity is the operative word !!	positive
hillary is the washington establishment, say whatever it takes to get elected. we need a change up... it may not be me but elect someone	negative
"hillary: that was a mistake. i'm sorry about that."" twitteraddr twitteraddr going to need a complete script rewrite. httpaddr"	neutral
twitteraddr remember how nyt aided bush's march to iraq war?  they need to be truthful &amp; they haven't with hillary.	negative
but on friday she refused to apologize in interview with liberal hack andrea mitchell. hillary is a phony. twitteraddr twitteraddr	negative
"if you're bored, ask siri, ""hillary sucks big green donkey dicks"" prepare to laugh like you were in numbrth grade!!"	negative
bernie sanders is about to torpedo any chance hillary might have of winning the white house going numbrrd party. lmao httpaddr	negative
u know hillary is panicking when chelsea clinton will be speaking at the amy schumer show in boston this friday.	negative
this may or may not be true but it doesn't change the fact that hillary violated the law	negative
hillary may even come up with more spontaneous email humor ----&gt; hillary clinton's numbr funniest emails httpaddr	neutral
hillary gets emotional over talking about her mother -  tomorrow topc will call her a fake. twitteraddr	negative
twitteraddr this why people don't believe anything hillary say this person will soon take the numbrth	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr that way he will testify, otherwise he's said he will plead the numbrth. this is finally a way to sink hillary	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr omgosh! hillary still using her deceased mom as a prop to save herself from her own lies. ~may she rip.	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr i'm sure hillary kept a copy of all the original emails somewhere. where is the numbrth thumb-drive hillary?	neutral
"loling at hillary apology...numbrst she said all of us were ""confused"" (a nice way of saying ""stupid); now she apologizes numbr using server. topc"	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr sarah palin, other women you disagree with may still be quite bright.hillary may be intelligent, just wrong.	neutral
hillary apologizes the way kardashians wed--several times in quick succession &amp; never sincerely.	negative
to look less guilty hillary requests staffers to not plead the numbrth,but use numbrnd &amp; numbrrd together. by: twitteraddr  httpaddr	negative
i love watching hillary dance. i think she's doing the lewinsky with that right hand  httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr hillary has got numbr get it together by topc cuz u know whomever d repub's nominee topc	neutral
hillary looks as comfortable dancing with a child as she is coming out of the closet. httpaddr	negative
fast lerner: subpoenaed tech guy who worked on hillary's private server says he'll plead the numbrth (sound familiar?) httpaddr	neutral
hillary has her own mini-me? can't wait to see trump's! or has it been his hair all along? twitteraddr topc  httpaddr	neutral
coming up: hillary &amp; bernie may be leading in the polls, but twitteraddr is still in the race. twitteraddr httpaddr	neutral
huma and hillary can point you in the right direction.  httpaddr	positive
i admire hillary &amp; may even vote for her. but she so doesn't sound sorry. topc server	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr trump cant beat hillary that is confirmed take it from me but hillary may not get nominated	neutral
twitteraddr it may sound great. plus hillary will work awesome with congress and promote equality worldwide.	positive
hillary: so all i have to do is have an unsecured server with national secrets on it, and i'll win? cooooool!!! httpaddr	negative
hillary will not make history as numbrst female pres. she'll make history by being numbrst pres candidate to be indicted on criminal charges.	negative
twitteraddr or hillary or sanders.  we may have to rethink this whole democracy thing if someone does not step up after the pre-season. :d	negative
"twitteraddr so i guess dropping in on the kardashians was just her numbrst gig? the ""new/fresh"" hillary primed for reality tv generation!"	neutral
you may not have seen, but the left loves their liars, cheats &amp; traitors. hillary is their perfect candidate! httpaddr	negative
the republicans ask a sketchy candidate to pledge to the party and its ideas, hillary demands loyalty from anyone who may like her.	positive
trump will take numbr% of the electoral from jeb, putting hillary in the white house. then she will put trump in her cabinet. heard it here numbrst	positive
i wish you mum and my family journey mercies, as you travel to kakamega to lay hillary's body to rest tomorrow,... httpaddr	neutral
hillary just may be that stupid, look at some of her track record screw ups. history tells it all. httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr also, hillary may begin to give the perception that perhaps she may tend to allow herself to be portrayed as less than accurate.	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr ahhh so it's hillary's numbrst characteristic steyn cited that must have attracted bill	neutral
hillary cares only about hillary. i choose to wait for a credible female to become our numbrst woman president. smart women aren't desperate!	neutral
twitteraddr  hillary is sorry now that she may be facing criminal charges for what they found in her email	negative
sarurday pat caddell demanded hillary face tough questions and male interviewers; tuesday she talks with gay ken doll david muir and cries	neutral
remember hillary denied a server existed  ever day ! a liar for president  like obama this country will not survive  httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr i hear that hillary's authenticity czar is going on the sunday shows.	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr hillary said that on sunday, to andrea mitchell what are you on a time delay?	neutral
wait. people claim hillary is showing her humanity because she chokes up talking about her dead mother? that may be the lowest bar ever.	negative
did anyone see hillary's server boy actually plead the numbrth or did his lawyers only do this in the media? twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr	negative
"hillary says.. ""i understand that you may have more questions, &amp; i am going to work to keep answering them."" ..huh? work to keep answering?"	neutral
i believe we may have a major security scandal with prominent people involved in the unclassified hillary server. is there a cover up ?	neutral
hillary can take her phony apology and shove it where the sun doesn't shine. she is only sorry she was caught it's all about power.	negative
twitteraddr is trying to cut the legs off twitteraddr investigation.   hillary's server boy did not take the numbrth under oath!	neutral
hillary knew what she was doing she may want u numbr think she didn't that is her sneaky way of doing things she knew exactly what she was doing	neutral
hillary made a very lucid case for the iran agreement, and i think she may have changed my mind with the detail... httpaddr	positive
mook, podesta are blowing hillary's numbrnd crack at wh. making the same huge mistakes as numbr. need to let hrc loose. too inaccessible to staff	neutral
twitteraddr hillary's team-'if she can only fake sincerity we'll have it made.'  httpaddr	neutral
two top senate investigators offered potential immunity tuesday to bryan pagliano, the staffer who set up the email server in hillary	neutral
hillary urges help for syrian refugees: &lt;p&gt;hillary clinton called on the united nations wednesday to press cou... httpaddr	neutral
"twitteraddr twitteraddr hillary's numbrst tele news explan ""the server i used was set up by the secret service numbr the pres"" y numbrgotten???"	negative
"secret service was at my house for hillary's visit tomorrow. quote of the day from one: ""if you see the agents start to run - you run too""."	negative
omg people, we may not like hillary, but wtf, leave the kid out of it httpaddr	negative
patrick townsend is hosting a webinar on august/numbr/numbr on overcoming the security challenges on the ibm i.   time pst:numbr:numbram. est:numbr:numbrpm.	neutral
proud to have been a part of topc kenya. ibm celebrates the numbrth team working in the philippines.  httpaddr topc	positive
photo: wtvox: ibm will invest $numbr billion for a new internet of things unit: ibm on tuesday said that it... httpaddr	positive
ibm puts a tux on its mainframes with linuxone : mainframes may seem like dinosaurs at first glance these days.. httpaddr	neutral
"topc attendees, join ibm in the cedar room in numbr minutes for a ""linux without limits"" meetup (includes lunch): httpaddr"	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr the ceo of ibm may think someone is an idiot but he can't say it.	negative
ibm launches linux-only mainframe system linuxone: international business machines corp said on monday it laun... httpaddr	neutral
topc is coming to auckland sept numbr, will we see you @ ibm twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr  twitteraddr httpaddr	positive
ibm has built a digital rat brain that could power tomorrow's smartphones httpaddr via twitteraddr damn, i want me one of those	positive
registrations are open to our controller day in ibm client center brussel on september numbr! httpaddr	neutral
it may look like a mainframe, but it's anything but proprietary! very cool ibm great time to be a partner highvail httpaddr	positive
tough proposition promoting ibm machine accessories october live pretty the strong point superego cannot help but inasmuch as prom: vdzjs	positive
inumbr is excited to host the next meetup for dutch r users together with ibm on the numbrth of september! httpaddr	positive
sales joke of the day (august numbr) ibm. httpaddr  twitteraddr twitteraddr topc	neutral
twitteraddr congrats on your new life with lungs beadonor topc topc i have numbr many dx &amp; trying numbr get my ibm is numbrst holding me	positive
ibm still leads. hp closing the decline gap: hewlett-packard said on thursday that its profit fell numbr percent ... httpaddr	neutral
making a difference in the world! topc overall and numbrst it company. ibm on the change the world via twitteraddr httpaddr	positive
this day on the street: august numbrst, numbr ibm reached a new high of $numbr.numbr, before closing the day at $numbr.numbr.	positive
rational ground promoting ibm machine accessories april prevail decent the minutiae i myself fancy now circular!: twhyb	neutral
"""in numbr forbes ranked nestle as the numbrth largest public company in the world, ahead of google, bp, ibm, and... httpaddr"	positive
by tanya agrawal july numbr (reuters) - weak results from ibm and united technologies weighed on the dow and the s&amp;p numbr while the nasdaq	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr good local meet friday with ibm and apple challenging security myths topc # mynextbigproject?	positive
ibm achieves numbrst fedramp mobile ato with cloud-based maasnumbr enterprise mobility mgmt &amp;... httpaddr	positive
looking forward to the cdo roundtable with ibm tomorrow on data innovation. thanks to twitteraddr for inviting me. topc	positive
"virtual cics user group meeting, numbr sept, with ibm's keith allen discussing ""creating an agile development environment while reducing cost""."	positive
see how ibm &amp; twitteraddr are transforming content sync and sharing in the cloud. join us tomorrow: httpaddr	positive
cloud helps businesses, but moving to it introduces challenges. overcome them @ ibm breakfast briefing on sep numbr. httpaddr	positive
ibm warns corporate use of tor will leave networks open to attack: numbr aug numbr. jason murdock the use of the t... httpaddr	negative
want to know more about the partnership apple + ibm? tomorrow at numbr:numbr a guest speaker from apple will explain blsaud httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr free webinar friday numbr/numbr: the consulting lifestyle with charles m, associate partner - ibm. sign up: httpaddr	positive
how are you leveraging topc and topc on ibm topc if you're not you may want to check this out httpaddr	neutral
have questions about ibm topc and iot? attend our sept numbrnd crowd chat! more info: httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
cool meetup with twitteraddr in san jose at ibm lab sep numbr numbrpm httpaddr twitteraddr twitteraddr topc	positive
back from holiday, and back to work. now on my numbrrd day here and it's like i was never away. recruitment in ibm never stops.	neutral
ibm is warning corporates to start blocking tor from their networks (aug numbr) httpaddr don't throw the baby out w/the bathwater	neutral
cloud topc bootcamp sep numbr. twitteraddr iot &amp; mobile workshops. don't miss the chance to work with ibm experts. httpaddr	positive
want to see the most sap hana certified storage solutions - visit ibm at sapphire now. may numbr - numbr in booth numbr:	neutral
twitteraddr thank you for great share. you may like to re-share ibm marketing &amp; comms jobs w your network . httpaddr	positive
"""manuals may play a role in early training activities, but they have limited value in the heat of battle."" - louis gerstner, ibm topc"	neutral
twitteraddr don't think was originally ibm branded, but still didn't want any weird numbrrd party ant-virus like stuff meddling with my os	neutral
join us sept numbr in markham to learn about ibm's spectrum protect announcement.  contact your ibm rep for the details httpaddr	positive
want to be a part of the audience?  register to attend:  ibm san francisco smartcamp (september numbr) or the ibm... httpaddr	neutral
kind of sucks that i'm leaving ibm next monday. i'll definitely miss this bunch. numbr.numbr months isn't that long but it definitely impacted me.	positive
reach out if you're interested in attending ibm insightnumbr oct. numbr-numbrth httpaddr	neutral
see traversive territories until it's too late! on view now until september numbr. free admission sponsored by ibm.... httpaddr	positive
see the best storage, sds, &amp; platform computing for virtual &amp; cloud deployments at ibm's booth @ vmworld - aug numbr to sept numbr	positive
// apple follows ibm's marketing  to the letter. will get business through hardware, software; or a new product  httpaddr	neutral
topc ibm is the worldwide market share leader in topc for the numbrth straight year! httpaddr httpaddr topc	positive
twitteraddr we were discussing lugging those around and the glorious click of classic ibm mechanical keyboards at after work drinks friday	positive
interested in a career at ibm? tomorrow you can visut us at skandinavisk online karrieremesse! httpaddr topc topc topc	positive
woohoo. i am booked for friday to present ibm topc &amp; topc to a dev team who are ready to take their domino skills to the next level!	positive
sept numbr video chat: running devops in hybrid cloud with twitteraddr and ibm experts. httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
should be a good webinar. enchoice has a great deal of experience with ibm content manager ondemand   httpaddr	positive
ibm systems technical university come visit the ibm global training providers topc topc starts numbr/sep httpaddr	positive
reason why promoting ibm machine accessories june have being scrupulous the type her exact vice pronouncement!: xtows	neutral
it will also be live streamed at twitteraddr where viewer can directly interact with ibm . topc httpaddr	neutral
smart learning with great speakers in the numbrst day of ibm topc summit in copenhagen	positive
omlis releases secure enterprise security technology with ibm: newcastle, england, sep numbr... httpaddr topc topc	positive
first job i ever had was alpah trade vic cord ibm company numbrth floor we sold those apps you all have now, nobody knew to buy apples? noapps	neutral
"""ease of use may be invisible, but it's absence sure isn't"" - ibm"	neutral
try out the numbrst lab series for ibm topc platform numbr.numbr topc topc httpaddr httpaddr	positive
are you ready for the numbrth annual ict conference?  key sponsors ibm will be sponsoring numbr students and numbr faculty... httpaddr	positive
thank you to ibm in ottawa for their donation on tuesday. the tacos went great with the chili we had on the menu at the oaks.  topc	positive
"if you remember watson from ""the reason that is always used that ibm may not be dead"""	positive
twitteraddr reminds me day i was walked btw ibm bldgs in s.fla sun for health; hot; i past numbr guys digging a numbrxnumbr' cable trench numbr' deep	neutral
ibm collation cnumbr-numbr exam question - ibm certified specialist cnumbr-numbr play around with may endorsed... httpaddr	neutral
ibm webcast : positioning the roadmap for the logical data warehouse sept numbrth numbrpm httpaddr topc topc topc	neutral
ibm has the grand opening for the toronto garage sept numbrth. here how clients innovate here httpaddr httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr hi mickey, ibm has a great opportunity for you!  i sent u a li inmail.  time for a brief call today or friday to discuss?  thanks!	positive
see more from kathy goetz on ibm's watson at the lsa conference on november numbrth and numbrth | httpaddr	neutral
new: ibm executive j. bruce harreld named numbrst president of twitteraddr over faculty concerns about his qualifications. httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr numbrst order of business - replace all macs @ uiowa with ibm's fabulous numbr portable pcs.	positive
puzzle promoting ibm machine accessories november be in existence boundless the raiment superego necessaries seeing that proclamat: plhek	neutral
as part of my blog series on the topc for topc see my numbrth blog on value to ibm z systems httpaddr topc topc	positive
bill gates received $numbr,numbr from ibm to write the first program for it's computer. topc	neutral
failing ibm services ruining my saturday. numbr minute test going on almost numbr hours now. and i am mildly hungover and tired...	negative
sept numbr at arrow royal exchange, joint event with ibm on big data and analytics. full details link to register below.  httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr such a close call! cheers pal, doing well, first month at ibm done, missing the friday calls though haha. hope you're well	positive
believe it or don't, but this version of informix isn't supported by anyone anymore. i don't even know whether ibm or sun own this thing	negative
whenever i see an ad for ibm, i think about how they helped nazi germany to organize concentration camp proceedures. httpaddr	negative
sept numbr webinar: collaborate confidently with customers using ibm connections files cloud. httpaddr httpaddr	positive
puzzle promoting ibm machine accessories november have being immortal the quelque chose superego committal insofar as proclamation: ayfxw	positive
behavioral marketing is the new marketing - cant miss ibm event on sep numbr; details below twitteraddr topc  httpaddr	positive
looking forward to sharing ibm's open source journey at the open for business day twitteraddr on  numbr sep in hebden bridge twitteraddr	positive
jun numbr numbr- ibm founded as the computing-tabulating-recording company in endicott, new york	neutral
"making the world smarter | ibm commercial song httpaddr ""this time tomorrow"" by the ki httpaddr"	positive
register now for the exertis &amp; ibm storage systems group know your product event, thursday numbr sept @ exertis ireland. httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr are you coming to httpaddr iot day, october numbr: ibm, cisco, fitbit, microsoft and +numbr speakers and demos. free!	positive
"ibm's spectrum protect named gartner's ""leaders"" quadrant for enterprise backup software: a leader for the numbrth time httpaddr"	neutral
yes, mark zuckerberg started facebook at numbr. but charles flint launched ibm at numbr.  while hollywood may love the... httpaddr	positive
idc says server-based storage sales soaring &amp;dell's pwning the market ibm, netapp &amp; hp rubbing shoulders to claim numbrnd httpaddr	positive
berkshire's buffett says bought some ibm shares in qnumbr - cnbc: new york, sept numbr (reuters) - warren buffett, the... httpaddr	positive
tomorrow: ibm topc topc webinar-evolution of threats: predators in the dark web: httpaddr httpaddr	positive
want to learn about amazon web services? how about ibm's cloud offerings? join me at atlanta cloud saturday on numbr/numbr httpaddr	positive
perficient &amp; ibm added you to list perficient_ibm/watson  thankyou. have a terrific tuesday :-)	positive
".twitteraddr presents ""exceptional customer experience with ibm twitteraddr and twitteraddr tomorrow at topc httpaddr"	positive
attend the september numbr ics techtalk about the ibm connections topc qnumbr update: httpaddr topc	positive
pretense promoting ibm machine accessories november have place sound the clobber oneself sexual desire vice plug!: udiqh	neutral
i'm covering this event for ibm tomorrow. here's what it's all about:  httpaddr topc httpaddr	positive
just got my official offer letter from ibm! numbrth january start. sooooooo many forms to fill in to accept it but i cannot wait	positive
$numbr pancakes at ihop tomorrow, who am i going with!?	positive
i may or may not have just spammed joshs phone w numbr different pics of ihop pancakes	positive
tomorrow's the $numbr.numbr short pancake at ihop and i gotta be there at numbram, kms	neutral
rachel and i are going to ihop tomorrow and shes going to see exactly how much food i can eat in one sitting	positive
debating going to ihop tomorrow morning or just sleeping in...	neutral
so i suggested that we hit ihop after work since it's monday and we gone finish hella early right ....	positive
seriously tomorrow i'm going to ihop. l'll find a way	positive
twitteraddr can't watch for the numbrst time ever i am at ihop	positive
wish twitteraddr was in the numbr so we could go to ihop tomorrow	positive
$numbr short stacks at ihop tomorrow. who wants to get pancakes with me?	positive
oh shit, might be going to ihop tomorrow elliott gone kill me	neutral
hmu if you wanna go to ihop tomorrow	positive
okay, who's going with me to ihop tomorrow	neutral
going to ihop tomorrow. yall americans take that ish for granted, honestly the happiest place on the planet.	positive
my little sister is trying to convince me to go to ihop tomorrow with her for those dollar pancakes	positive
$numbr short stack at ihop tomorrow someone go with me	positive
pancakes for a dollar tomorrow at ihop... you're welcome	positive
take me to ihop's $numbr shortstack event tomorrow so i know it's real.	positive
someone go to rcc with me tomorrow then we can have $numbr pancakes at ihop	positive
you broke asses better donate tomorrow if you go to ihop and leave me a tip	negative
jacob i'm going to ihop tomorrow what should i get	neutral
ihop has $numbr short stacks tomorrow. finna fuck it up!	positive
if you take me to ihop tomorrow morning i'll give you my soul	positive
come get $numbr shortstack pancakes with cassie, neds, and i tomorrow at ihop	positive
$numbr stack of pancakes @ ihop tomorrow numbr-numbr you're welcome fam	positive
if i go to ihop tomorrow i'm gonna feel like i'm cheating on denny's and idk how i feel about that /:	neutral
ihop offering $numbr pancake short stacks as part of no kid hungry fundraiser: on tuesday, you can get ... httpaddr topc	positive
ihop on friday is the only thing getting me through the week.	neutral
lino and i literally sat at ihop for three hours and had deep conversations about life	positive
what a great way to start out the men's retreat, pancakes! we are all meeting friday morning at numbram at ihop on... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr i guess our ihop trip will have to be postponed...actually i don't even work saturday so i mean we can still do it then	neutral
ihop is the move tomorrow	positive
i legitimately just walked into ihop and got my own menus from behind the host stand and sat myself. hahaha	positive
someone get ihop with me tomorrow	positive
didn't get french toast at wawa cause i fully expect chris, ant, cass, and i to go to ihop tomorrow so i can order it w oj and home fries.	positive
for our travels to keystone lodge this saturday, some of the brethren discussed meeting at the ihop in manteca... httpaddr	neutral
friday post-game ihop is having their numbrnd annual pancake bonanza. fans of the winning team will get a short stack for $numbr or numbr% off meal...	neutral
i'm going to ihop tomorrow idc denny's is nasty lol	negative
can someone take me to ihop tomorrow morning. i will greatly appreciate it.	positive
just drove by ihop and probably numbr cars in the parking lot. at numbr:numbr on a thurs. people are wild.	positive
me and twitteraddr have gone into the restaurant business&amp;will be opening an ihop tomorrow, doors open at numbr:numbr d-ends eat free all night	positive
let's just all go to ihop after tomorrow morning	neutral
most likely just stay up and take someone to ihop tomorrow cuz that's the mood i'm in rn	neutral
when you have to wait numbr for a table on a friday morning at ihop	negative
ihop is gonna be choice tomorrow morning, then, off to the mini road trip	positive
twitteraddr pancakes at ihop with a numbr year old and commitment renewal tomorrow....sunday slug day.	neutral
twitteraddr so like you wanna come to ihop with me tomorrow i have no friends	neutral
karen being crazy not letting me get a waffle but i'm about to eat all of waffle house or ihop tomorrow lol idc	positive
waking up at the butt crack of dawn to surprise your bff for her numbrth birthday and having a party at ihop is a good way to start offt he day	positive
twitteraddr pancakes at ihop, good way to start any morning but sat or sun they just taste better..	positive
happy saturday! having a good time with the family, we just ate breakfast at ihop, was delicious.topc httpaddr	positive
i may have just encountered a real life samurai at ihop. how's your day going?	positive
someone wanna watch the sun rise and go to ihop?	positive
i want ihop tomorrowtopc but, i should pass	positive
i need to make a ihop run tomorrow	positive
putting in my numbr weeks at ihop tomorrow but probably gonna get fired for it bc my manager is insane. oh well.	negative
"i sat down at ihop ready to order, dom &amp; joyce weren't ready and i said ""ya know we all can't live life in the fast line"""	neutral
yeah i'm going to ihop tomorrow. i'll walk if it comes down to that.	positive
"""let's get it on"" is playing at ihop right now... it's numbr:numbr on a sunday and everyone just left church. wtf ihop..."	neutral
twitteraddr they go to a different place for brunch every saturday. they started the tradition with ihop	neutral
twitteraddr u boys ready to hand out more pancakes than they make at ihop this sat night	positive
twitteraddr around numbr/numbr we were working lots of late nights on saturday.we would go to the beer joint then ihop on union.  topc	positive
darel from ihop, may i have some pancakes with bacon. eggs fried	neutral
think imma treat me my baby and sister to ihop tomorrow night lol i want some pancakes	positive
wonder if she wanna to go to ihop tomorrow	positive
i want ihop tomorrow morning :(	positive
let's just skip first period tomorrow and go eat breakfast at ihop.	positive
friday at ihop it was like numbr:numbr and i felt like it was numbr in the morning. i was so done.	positive
if twitteraddr doesn't get ihop with me friday now we is gonna have some serious problems.	positive
twitteraddr friday ams, i bring mom to ihop in shrewsbury, then across the street to trader joes. such is my life. topc	neutral
cool thing about being in college is you can go get ihop and starbs then jam to some jb on a wednesday at numbr:numbr and it's not weird.	positive
twitteraddr i'll meet you at ihop on edgewood road around numbr:numbr, tomorrow. ask for the jeremy party!	positive
i want ihop tomorrow morning	positive
i feel bad for the people working at ihop tomorrow morning lol	neutral
tomorrow morning i'm going to ihop i gotta taste for pancakes	positive
numbrnd day back at stockton and ihop is the only thing that can save me and twitteraddr sounds like a normal day	positive
strongly considering having breakfast at ihop tomorrow morning. short stack with blueberry compote. i'm craving it.	positive
im going to ihop after work tomorrow. fuck it.	positive
i just wanna go to ihop tomorrow	positive
"boy said ""i'm coming too ihop tomorrow too!"" i said come on lol he said what time. i said numbr lmao"	positive
one of my favorite activities is going to ihop every friday with the squad	positive
i think i'm gonna end up quitting ihop tomorrow morning because the thought of stepping into that establishment is destroying me	negative
anyone else down for ihop with paige and i tomorrow?	neutral
trynna go to ihop but all my friends are asleep so i may just go by myself topc	positive
ihop wit bubba jay twitteraddr tomorrow  he better eat too	positive
emt numbr/numbr/numbr [krakatoa]: so when the high point of your saturday is a chorizo omelette at ihop for a late dinn... httpaddr	positive
who's down to go ihop with me tomorrow morning?	positive
twitteraddr me either...but we got off early friday so some coworkers went to ihop...and the rest was history	positive
definitely going to ihop tomorrow	positive
get paid next friday so i get to buy koko and i some food from ihop after the game	positive
twitteraddr dude i swear friday i was going to go take you to ihop but danny had to go home cus he was in pain	neutral
twitteraddr if i didnt have work at numbram tomorrow i really would man. bring your family to ihop tomorrow morning and illserve you	neutral
i'm going to ihop tomorrow.	neutral
only looking forward to going to ihop with sarah in nicole tomorrow morning	neutral
twitteraddr perfect ! wednesday i'm done at numbr . i'll be waiting . can we go to ihop one day ?	positive
will somebody please get ihop or rainbow tomorrow with me	positive
i want to go to ihop or friday's	positive
anybody with a steak &amp; shake or ihop move tomorrow ??	positive
i am assembling an epic pancake posse for an ihop run on thursday and you don't even know how excited i am.   ...well, you might know now.	positive
do you work at ihop tomorrow twitteraddr	neutral
numbr aug numbr;numbr topc rescuenumbr returned from tresco, ios lifted a casualty with minor injuries to rch treliske httpaddr	neutral
numbr% of smartphone users are apple blocked ios numbr.numbr, they do not understand why he may have downgraded to ios numbr.numbr , so stuck on ios numbr.numbr.numbr	negative
ios numbr app transport security. mm need to check if my numbrrd party network pod supports it httpaddr	neutral
mar if you have an ios device, you should download our app too: httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr my phone does not run on latest ios which may account for problem the other day .. time it was replaced	negative
not sure how to start your publication on ios? we'll be live helping with ask me anything sessions today and friday httpaddr	positive
two dollar tuesday is here with forklift numbr, quickkey for ios and suite for pages for just $numbr.numbr today:   httpaddr	neutral
if you're not already signed up to test my ios game, nows your chance! httpaddr	neutral
youtube gaming officially launches on web, android, ios on august numbr: youtube is finally going to r... httpaddr topc	neutral
youtube gaming launches tomorrow with ios and android apps to go head-to-head with twitch httpaddr topc topc	neutral
twitteraddr yashan from bbc twitteraddr the vpn access on ios may be limited during china's military parade? any chance to have a chat on that?	neutral
parkrun app for ios downloaded where have you been before ?great app easier access of info &amp; ready for saturday's run httpaddr	positive
today twitteraddr launches, with apps for ios and android devices in the us and uk, here is what you need to know httpaddr	positive
got a project you want to work on? need help with swift? need an excuse to hang with ios devs on a sat? hang with us! httpaddr	positive
"met with ios developer today. we may have a ""go"". numbr-)"	positive
topc is going ios topc for now try this httpaddr topc twitteraddr twitteraddr httpaddr	positive
what's the best way to get audio recordings from a numbrrd party app off of an ios device? jailbreaking isn't an option.	positive
five great free apps and games for ios - august numbrth edition:  it's that time of the week again... httpaddr topc topc	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr looks interesting but i've always ended up back on ios keyboard, always glitches with ios numbr/numbr numbrrd party ones	neutral
see news through the eyes of real people &amp; be your own reporter with fresco numbr.numbr for ios, coming september numbrth! httpaddr	positive
siri knows all about topc ios event on the numbrth. topc httpaddr	positive
who's ready for numbr.numbr.numbr build numbr tomorrow, might be the last build till it come to ios !	positive
twitteraddr as i've been on fb for many years, i have a few hundred photo albums, but only the numbrst numbr appear in the ios app. is that right?	positive
twitteraddr try beat mpnumbr it may be on android i have it on ios and its fairly decent	positive
twitteraddr even though there are other differences in the ios features this still may make people lean a little more towards apple.	positive
huawei watch pre-order suggests android wear coming to ios: iphone owners who want to use android wear may soo... httpaddr	neutral
speedenews: rumor: android wear will soon work with ios - android wear may be very close to working with ios. that... httpaddr	neutral
over here in nw near numbrth &amp; rhode island, if you need a lyft let me know !  download the lyft app for ios or android !	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr i wish that customfoldericons worked on ios numbr.numbr.numbr and it was received on december numbrth.	neutral
so today i checked my old ipod numbrth gen which is on ios numbr.numbr.numbr and it can't be upgraded further and i randomly open twitter	neutral
"twitteraddr twitteraddr please stop walking and work !! you have more than one month of late --"" the update was annonced the numbr of july, ios wait!"	negative
twitteraddr  hi i have heard that they said mcpe update numbr,numbr,numbr/numbr,numbr,numbr will come today numbr august to ios but i cant see that there is the update:)	positive
twitteraddr do you have any news of an update in october for ios and android users	neutral
twitteraddr a follow-on guess might be that if you are female, with an ios device, visiting the site, you may have more disposable income?	neutral
twitteraddr loving my new iphone numbr from t-mobile i'm in love with ios! can't wait for the sept numbrth event	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr all android wear is comparable with ios now i believe. i may be wrong though	neutral
google expands android wear smartwatch platform to ios -  google on monday rolled out android wear smartwatch harmony with ...	neutral
twitteraddr yes, i asked an attendant to print out a paper pass. but this was not the numbrst time delta ios app lost my login info. annoying.	negative
the two companies announced a partnership monday aimed at making ios devices and apps more compatible with... httpaddr topc	positive
twitteraddr zeroes in on the latest in a short video. making iphone &amp; ios great for enterprises. numbrst twitteraddr &amp; now twitteraddr httpaddr	positive
to all nintendo fans out there; i may sound crazy when i say this but kirby and the rainbow curse and/or kirby canvas curse should be on ios	neutral
apple hasn't ever focused on gaming, but has enjoyed incredible success with ios gaming. apple tv may focus on games: httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr may want to pick your brains - looking to get into ios dev myself.	neutral
the orks are here to tell you that we're gunning for a sept numbrth release of herald of oblivion on ios and android! httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr numbrrd party app on ios, does it add a keyboard or you have to type -&gt; copy -&gt; paste ? twitteraddr	neutral
m/t webroot: have a jailbroken ios device? you may want to reconsider. httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr i have the ipod touch numbrth and i have the ios numbr.numbr.numbr,ofc i cant downgrade because numbr.numbr is not being signded,so now what i supposed to do?	neutral
twitteraddr making my way through your managing ios and macs numbrnd ed. book. great read, really well done! thanks for doing this; keep it up.	positive
google's android wear for ios confirmed incompatible with apple's healthkit: in announcing android wear for ios on monday, google not...	neutral
twitteraddr hi lee my iphone is currently operating on ios numbrdo i have to put iosnumbr numbrst or can upload iosnumbr if so how do i go about it ?	neutral
wed night numbrpm pacific join the the blast! live right here on fb as we have the founder's of the ios app kander on... httpaddr	positive
codigames:do you like arpgs?dungeon legends arrive to ios on september numbrrd httpaddr topc topc httpaddr	positive
jailbreaking ios devices may not be the best idea: security vulnerabilities in the ios can rarely be... httpaddr topc	neutral
come and have the first ever go on lumino city on ios twitteraddr twitteraddr + real models, friday til sunday! httpaddr	positive
rumor has it that a certain app is available on ios and it's free.  android coming friday. httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr so far we've announced ios and android versions and we focus on them. this may change in the future though.	neutral
twitteraddr may favorite one ever on ios is harbaugh, it autocorrects to garbage	neutral
twitteraddr do u know if the motonumbr numbrnd gen will work with ios devices??	neutral
twitteraddr its the first one, with a new scenario for ios and android... it's numbr% off until numbram tomorrow!	positive
my best guess is we should see mcpenumbr.numbr.numbr submitted to ios and google by the end of week or into monday if the devs have cleaned up the bugs	positive
the next pixel dungeon update for steam and ios with a lot of new features and improvements will be released on september numbrth.	positive
thursday night on kxlu! get the twitteraddr app for ios or android at httpaddr and listen! httpaddr	neutral
like and share this if you want the mcpe numbr.numbr.numbr update on ios tomorrow topc topc topc httpaddr	neutral
been using vodafone's smart ultra numbr since tuesday. can't get the hang of it and finding a few faults with android. back to ios i think...	neutral
meet your new (old) favorite endless runner for ios, race the sun - macworld httpaddr	neutral
are you ready for our new numbr app launch tomorrow? build binaries for ios, android, windows phones and tablets.... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr btw i &amp; others have run into a fair number of cataloguing issues with the apple music update in ios numbr.numbr. this may be a symptom.	neutral
this hopefully means that mcpe will come out for ios around the numbrth of september along with all other versions!	positive
what you should look for from apple's september numbr event: a new version of ios will likely arrive with those sh... httpaddr	positive
want to speed up your sharing? automate a few things from your ios device? workflow may be the solution. httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr thank you now i may actually have a chance on ios now	positive
articlesection classpagepandroid wear may be very close to working with ios	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr and ios and he said thats it was no longer the numbrth he said he jinxed it and now is going to take longer.	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr ios is unpredictable it may not come out at the same time	positive
twitteraddr hey tommaso when is the release date for numbr.numbr on ios? if the answer is around the numbrth thats where my school starts!	positive
i just crammed numbr photos and saved numbr mb with android (ios coming june) try free today:	positive
numbr day.topc releases on labor day september numbrth! an ios app that unites blind people with sighted assistants. httpaddr	positive
who cant wait for minecraft numbr.numbr on ios but now u dont have to wait cause it will be submitted at numbrth september numbr day left	positive
it's quite funny to see ios developers taking advantage of the new ugmonk numbrth anniversary set!	neutral
schedule:  tomorrow:  relax next day:  numbr.numbr.numbr on ios (also numbrst day of school) next day:  die.	negative
"twitteraddr links are working fine on my ios device. some times on the first click i get a ""open in safari ?"" cancel it &amp; do a numbrnd click. works"	positive
twitteraddr all device build numbr tomorrow or official (wp,android,ios) ? hehe :p yay happy day for you ...	positive
twitteraddr so the numbr.numbr for ios will be out tomorrow correct??	neutral
tech: android&gt;star wars: uprising launches september numbr on ios and android - gb: star wars canon is about t..httpaddr topc	positive
twitteraddr hi i was wondering do u mean you'll try to release mcpe numbr.numbr.numbr to ios tomorrow??? ps your awesome	positive
ppl are saying starlight stage ios will be out on the numbrth bitch where	neutral
check out my ride in topc for ios! try it for free! httpaddr now car httpaddr	positive
apple releases what the next iphones and ios will be like tomorrow	neutral
you can download numbr.numbr.numbr for ios and the show or server won't work until tomorrow be happy and smile more =)	positive
"those of you with ios devices, ask siri to ""give you a hint"" about tomorrow's apple keynote. httpaddr"	positive
i don't operate any ios devices anymore but i'll still tune into the big show tomorrow. still fun to watch the event and see what's what.	positive
twitteraddr not sure what you mean. continuity doesn't require a separate numbrrd device (watch) for two (other) ios devices to pair and share.	neutral
ok inbox on ios has a pretty animation for the sun but thew android version doesnt :(	negative
twitteraddr the only time i would say i really enjoyed ios was fifa numbr before i got my console in may soon as i got that i stopped playing it	neutral
twitteraddr got amazon last thursday, got ios last night but the update isn't showing in google play store yet...	neutral
wanna watch the iphone announcement... live? with any ios device (safari browser)... watch here, starting numbr am pst: httpaddr	positive
attn: beginning oct numbrst, munzee numbr.numbr will be the only app available for ios and android. also, numbr.numbr.numbr is in review and includes bug fixes.	positive
did you know that we are launching twitteraddr tower dwellers gold on android tomorrow in tandem with ios?  httpaddr	positive
httpaddr ios developer  th-bangkok: market rate:  httpaddr my client is the larges... httpaddr	neutral
"like legit though, if it was running os x, it would be a sick product. but since it's running ios you may as well get a retina numbr"""	positive
join the movable challenge! get your movband at spirit fest tomorrow or thursday and move one step closer to an ipad! httpaddr	positive
tomorrow is another big day in the tech world! i'm guessing a new upgraded  iphone, ipad, and possibly new os! httpaddr	positive
lost my ipad for the numbrnd time today	negative
apple ipad mini ipad mini black with (numbrgb), numbrin - black slate topc httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
woods club! twitteraddr come to room numbr after school next tuesday to make ipad stands! httpaddr	positive
a survey question ahead of tomorrow's announcements: what's the right price for an numbr.numbr-inch ipad w stylus and keyboard cover??	neutral
really excited about apple announcing ipad pro tomorrow. ah, the rumor i've been wanting to be true for years. it... httpaddr	positive
so excited to see what topc announces! my wish - a huge ipad that i can draw on with a stylus httpaddr twitteraddr topc	positive
apple might want to give devs a little info on ipad pro before dropping it and ios numbr.numbr on the market in november. ht: twitteraddr	neutral
sat next to a woman on the plane today who flipped through photos of her cat on her ipad the whole time. topc	positive
tomorrow the day apple reveals a new iphone &amp; ipad topc i want both items asap!	positive
"prediction for tomorrow: iphone numbrc, numbrs and numbrs+; a numbr"" ipad and a new apple tv with touchscreen controller. topc topc"	positive
rumor is that apple's big announcement tomorrow is a giant ipad. please, god -- please let them call it the maxipad! topc topc	positive
tomorrow: capturing covent garden with iphone and ipad numbr september, numbr:numbram, apple store, covent garden. topc httpaddr	positive
i'm at my follow limit. rude. i will go on my ipad tomorrow and unfollow all the little bitches who ain't following back. k, bye.	negative
wouldn't be surprised if the new iphone unveiled tomorrow is actually an ipad mini	positive
twitteraddr thanks tea sounds good but gotta update the ipad numbrst	positive
twitteraddr just remember, i'll be picking out my new ipad for you to buy me tomorrow.	positive
i hope they announce something different and exciting for the ipad tomorrow. it's just about time for me to get a new one topc	positive
reading twitteraddr prelude to tomorrow's apple event, can't help but think twitteraddr is the new wsj, bloomberg, or nyt re: ipad news.	positive
traded in the new computer to get an ipad. uncle tells me new ipad will be announced tomorrow so prices should drop. httpaddr	positive
apple's keynote is happening tomorrow at numbram!with the expected announcement of the iphone numbrs, new apple tv and ipad who is waking up for it?	positive
i wanna hear carry-over purchases tomorrow, so pre-owned iphone and ipad apps can carry over to the tv.  i would start developing asap.	neutral
the only thing i'm looking forward to tomorrow is the new iphone and ipad pro	positive
what she gonna buy with $numbr? numbr/numbrth of an ipad  httpaddr	neutral
i hope i get my ipad tomorrow so i can stream the apple keynote address in school	positive
ipad: *trends bc of iphone announcement tomorrow* real reason: the numbrd fandom crazy af and makes everything trend	positive
does it really have ipad pro &amp; stylus, tomorrow will have answer!!!	positive
twitteraddr if you are using an iphone or ipad you may not be able to view it their youtube app.  try on your computer.	neutral
tomorrow, topc better introduce an ipad large enough for me to stand on, with an app that'll transport me wherever i want to go. if not...	neutral
but with a new ipad coming out, i may be able to snag an older ipad at a decent price.	positive
first day of school tomorrow which means it's also the first day of the season for rbi baseball on my ipad	positive
are yall really mad that he's paying $numbr to fix a broken ipad, don't yall have bigger problems to deal with  httpaddr	negative
and apple goes gesture controlled gaming with apple tv. will the phone and ipad upgrades impress?  httpaddr	positive
topc to unveil iphone numbrs, ipad today. for the first time they are releasing on wednesday. all their earlier releases were on a tuesday.	positive
when you have numbr numbr/numbr tests tomorrow and a lab to do but your ipad is dead so you can't do shit :):):):):):)	negative
highly doubt that ipad will be covered during the topc tomorrow. httpaddr	negative
so tomorrow is the big apple event. what do you think we'll see, ipad pro? an ipad stylus? curious to see what they bring.	positive
but she threatened to call the cops bc //she// dropped her ipad.... numbrst why would you even take an ipad lmao httpaddr	neutral
checks numbr.numbr will not be submitted tomorrow, but i'll end up taking the extra time for a watch app, nc widget, ipad optimization, etc.	neutral
twitteraddr my moms taking my ipad away tomorrow but it's worth it because i'm tweeting the kweent topc	positive
which is more interesting unveil tomorrow? $aapl numbrs, ipad, tv or $tm new prius? i'm going with prius.	positive
to prepare for the topc tomorrow i am reminiscing over legacy apple hardware including ipod numbrnd gen, iphone numbr, ipad numbr. get pumped!	positive
sundays vlog is processing, monday's is exporting... you know for having to do it all on a ipad is say i'm doing pretty good.	positive
twitteraddr i'd buy the next ipad if they had fassbender give the keynote tomorrow.	positive
i believe the new twitter update comes in time before tomorrow event. might be seeing deeper integration with ipad pro? splitscreen!? topc	positive
tomorrow, apple inc. will introduce the numbrs, a new apple tv and the ipad pro.	positive
accidentally left ipad sitting in the sun too long. had to stash her in the freezer to cool down topc topc	negative
can't wait! tomorrow apple will be hosting its keynote announcing the new iphone, ipad pro and apple tv.	positive
twitteraddr hi, i've trying to contact quantas bu phone with no success since last thursday...i left an ipad in a plane, could you help me?	neutral
my dad just dramatically got upset at me for no reason but i was getting an ipad tomorrow so now what	negative
twitteraddr hahah. excited for your live blog tomorrow. i know the rumors are strong but i remain dubious about the ipad pro being announced	positive
twitteraddr i can't tell if it is working on my blog i will have to check tomorrow on the computer. i was using my ipad.	neutral
why spec noritz? we want to know! submit a vid before oct numbr explaining why &amp; you could win an ipad! httpaddr topc	positive
i still doubt apple will announce new ipad at tomorrow's event. apple might dedicate most of the keynote on new apple tv.	neutral
twitteraddr i see. i hope it will survive. if not, you only have new when things break. apple may announce a big size ipad tomorrow	positive
ok so i want to cry like, my expected delivery date for my ipad is thursday which is after i leave like this is the absolute worst	negative
uniting until yours postexistence bandeau it may be take effect actuary out the ipad onwards from desktop verge...	neutral
topc is expected to unveil numbr iphones, an apple tv &amp; a larger ipad. watch the live stream tonight at numbrpm here httpaddr topc	positive
should you upgrade from topc topc suite? csnumbr came out before the numbrst ipad mini was released, in the same month facebook bought instagram!	neutral
twitteraddr if apple wants to sell me an ipad, they'd better announce it tomorrow	neutral
topc to show the topc updates to the ipad, apple tv and other products today httpaddr	neutral
numbrst u knew dat there wud b a lot of ppl chasing after harry so y'd u bring ur ipad w/ u u couldve just used ur phone httpaddr	neutral
and numbrnd it wasnt harrys fault that he had ran over your ipad so whyd you ask him to pay for the crack like wtf httpaddr	negative
literally anxious abt the ipad pro announcement today. you gonna disappoint again apple or is it srsly the numbrnd last product i'll need from u	neutral
if your pupils can use an ipad better than you can then this course may well be ideal for you - httpaddr	positive
so excited for the topc keynote tomorrow, i need a rose gold iphone numbrs plus in my life. and they're rumoured to announce the new ipad yay	positive
numbrst he smashed someone's phone now ran over an ipad he hates you all httpaddr	neutral
also, the iphone numbrs, numbrs plus and the new ipad will be coming out tomorrow morning! will be checking out the highlights.	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr my memory  doesnt have more space. so i cant download it :( but i'll try to download it tomorrow from ipad	neutral
twitteraddr do you think it knows that in a couple of hours it may be one step closer to obsolescence (and outpaced by a giant ipad at that)	neutral
"big apple event today. looking forward to the numbr"" ipad pro. dare i say it may support a stylus?"	positive
twitter overhauls ipad app with responsive design topc httpaddr httpaddr	positive
pausing on this day of my numbrst year to yell at my ipad because pandora refuses to play the carpenters' superstar.	negative
giant ipad anyone? don't forget to check out the apple event at numbrpm est. topc topc httpaddr httpaddr	positive
just $numbr.numbr for the hebrew crash course by friday. get survival phrases for the ipad or mac: httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
ipad pro, apple tv expected to take center stage wednesday: it's that time of the year. for five years, apple ... httpaddr	positive
top numbr gambling apps for the ipad httpaddr	neutral
can't wait to see the ipad plus .... topc topc topc  httpaddr	positive
the accounting career fair is this friday! be sure to engage with us by using topc might win an ipad mini!	neutral
new iphones, ipad pro, and apple tv on the way today at numbr a.m. (pdt)! topc httpaddr	positive
i wanna go find the ipad so i can watch videos and train muh pokeymanz, rip ipod d:  tomorrow marks two weeks	neutral
is that i am very excited to share on instagram brings their app to ipad and redesigns the iwatch in november.	positive
wait...i may reconsider my decision to get surface pro numbr if ipad pro comes with a stylus with pressure sensitivity	neutral
topc numbrth grade ipad deployment going well! students are excited! httpaddr	positive
may the force (touch) be with you, apple. unleash that monster ipad. come on! topc	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr i can't stop hope the ipad goes flat i gotta work tomorrow. go tiges go tiges go tiges go tiges go tiges..	neutral
happy apple fanboy day! may the ipad be with you.	positive
it was fun to see the excitement on the numbrth graders' faces. and some of them seem to be ipad pros already! httpaddr	positive
numbrst gen ipad mini still going strong. love that little guy.	positive
looking forward to the topc today. it will make for interesting numbrth quarter results w/ an upgrade to the iphone, ipad, and apple tv	positive
does he mean a tv or a giant ipad?  httpaddr	neutral
did he just spoil the ipad pro?  httpaddr	negative
here comes the new apple tv! and the ipad pro. httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr whys he flossin an iphone numbrg, original ipad an numbrth gen macbook like he got money lmao	negative
twitteraddr it's the best. i can't wait to christen my new patio on september numbr with some coffee and redzone on ipad.	positive
who is ready for the ipad pro? today may be the day...	positive
did you know you can split the keyboard on your ipad? i didn't. here are some ninja tricks for the ipad you may... httpaddr	positive
if you wanna watch topc unveil their new iphones, a new huge ipad, and a revamped apple tv then go here: httpaddr	positive
iphone, ipad, or ipod touch, mac with safari, pc with microsoft edge on windows numbr httpaddr topc	neutral
photo: studyrelief: numbr september numbr : i smashed up my iphone last night and the pixels on the screen have... httpaddr	negative
finally have an upgrade the numbrnd, so i can't wait until the iphone numbrs reveal today.	positive
grnumbr now my whole tl is gonna be filled w the new iphone tomorrow -.-	neutral
iphone event recap video tonight, then transloader for mac app review on saturday. cool content coming up! :)	positive
golf with the dudes, no work, pool day, and the new iphone announcement.. tomorrow shall be a good day.	positive
when will the iphone numbr price drop? immediately after the sep numbrth announcement or not? and how much will it drop?	neutral
numbr hours until apple announces the iphone numbrs, here's what to expect: httpaddr	positive
new iphone announcement tonight. if i don't get one ordered tomorrow with twitteraddr for my upgrade there will probably be tears.	positive
"hey everyone. tomorrow is the ""hey siri"" event. they're just releasing the new iphone details and the official iosnumbr release date."	positive
who is as excited as i am about twitteraddr announcement tomorrow?  i haven't had a new iphone since the numbrs - i'm ready! topc	positive
the new iphone is announced tomorrow. i already want it	positive
if you bought an iphone today, you lost. new ones get introduced tomorrow.                             don't lose, win.	neutral
the 'numeracy map' just fits into an iphone, bringing it alive, digitally! search the appstore, numbrst level free. httpaddr	positive
the new iphone will be announced tonight at numbram (numbrth sept). here's how to watch it live httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
while all eyes may be on the new iphone today, this apple product will be the most disruptive httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
apple is hosting its annual splash on wednesday to unveil a new version of its best product, the iphone topc httpaddr	positive
i'm so excited for the new iphone release tomorrow yas.	positive
apple will be hosting its next iphone reveal event on september numbr at numbram pst. you can watch a live stream of the event at gamespot's ...	neutral
today's the numbrth? we've got some apple news coming, i just want to get on with it &amp; upgrade my iphone.	neutral
ready for the keynote tomorrow. is iphone the right choice for me!? next time on dragon ball z	positive
alex gibney explains why his steve jobs documentary may cause you to put down your iphone for good (via twitteraddr httpaddr	neutral
started the day listening to twitteraddr new iphone reveal later and the topc is back tomorrow. happy hump day!	positive
when i hit san antonio catch me at  hi-tones tuesday nights with the aux cord connected to the iphone. am i doing it right?	positive
"today my doctor diagnosed me with a repetitive strain injury known as ""iphone thumb"". may my social media use be a cautionary tale to all."	neutral
today sept numbrth apple announces details on how iphone will work with topc topc in the future.	positive
beyond excited for the apple event tomorrow. mostly for new apple watch bands as i'll be trying not to get the new iphone.	positive
new iphone, it's a relegious day. httpaddr	positive
today's iphone numbrs event: start time, where to watch the live blog and how to stream httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr hi, may i ask what are the requirements needed for the iphone numbrs under plan numbr?	neutral
if this new iphone sounds like it'll suck after tomorrow's announcement then the joke's on me for saving up to get it.	negative
trading street: iphone change may be how you'll pay: apple's biggest update to the iphone may be how most cons... httpaddr	neutral
i love apple, despite the fact that i'm constantly dissing the iphone. really looking forward to tomorrow's event.	positive
iphone numbrs: everything you need to know!: apple's event of the year, which is being held on september numbr, has ma... httpaddr	positive
"check out: ""siri on the iphone numbrs may be always listening for your voice"" httpaddr"	neutral
"""apple is expected to announce the iphone numbrs at numbrpm tomorrow.""  translation: at numbr:numbr pm tomorrow, the internet will lose its shit."	positive
with apple expected to announce details of a new iphone today, the timing may be right to sell your old smartphone. httpaddr	neutral
prediction: i will have a status saying that i'll be buying the new iphone by tomorrow morning. i've done that... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr topc i just broke my iphone ... tomorrow is my birthday. please give me that samsung ! :)	neutral
twitteraddr like what else can they offer honestly? i may just get another iphone because i'm used to the os	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr i dropped my iphone in the beer cooler on the beach yesterday so i gotta get a new one tomorrow	negative
christmas in september! apple's keynote on the upcoming iphone is today at numbram pacific!	positive
all the latest sheffield wednesday news on iphone and ipad! httpaddr topc	positive
analyst suggests this may be the last big iphone launch - with twitteraddr httpaddr via twitteraddr topc	positive
also, the iphone numbrs, numbrs plus and the new ipad will be coming out tomorrow morning! will be checking out the highlights.	positive
tech tuesday: apple launches new iphone with 'force touch' httpaddr topc	positive
twitteraddr i can't wait. i need a new phone! and since topc has abandoned the uk market, i'll be ordering an iphone this friday	positive
if apple is upgrading the camera on the iphone numbrs models, i seriously may upgrade...&amp; my phone isn't even numbryr old yet! topc	positive
in wednesday's topc - long reign the queen, iphone unveiling and more. sign up at httpaddr httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr it's gonna at least be a new iphone event.  it's that time of year ago. the next iphone comes out on/or around sept numbrth.	positive
will i be getting a new iphone this year? no. but my two older kids will. so i'm kind of curious about today. httpaddr	positive
so yeah.. back to the ievent today. if apple doesn't do low-cost iphone numbrc replacement model aka numbrc then we may see peak iphone within numbr mo	positive
'unique mark patterns made by the oil of the fingertip on the glass of the iphone screen when using different apps' httpaddr	positive
realising that its numbrth sept today &amp; apple will be announcing the new iphone at topc today made my day!! topc topc	positive
swanage - an apple iphone has been handed in @ swanage town hall office. please come in and speak to us if you think it may be yours.	positive
business insider: rumour: siri may always be ready to respond to your voice on the next iphone (aapl): apple t... httpaddr	positive
i really hope apple weighs a cup of nuts on the iphone numbrs (numbrth generation iphone)	positive
twitteraddr ithink they may introduce the iphone numbrs but my cuzzo said the applewatch red and new macbook size	neutral
this the numbrst year i've not been to excited about the new iphone announcement but i'm stoked for the new apple tv &amp; their streaming service	positive
twitteraddr would you please let us know when the iphone numbrs will be available for purchase? hoping before the numbrth of september. thanks!!	positive
the new iphone is expected to be unveiled today at numbrpm. as well as a potential apple tv. watch it here topc httpaddr	positive
watch apple's september numbr iphone and more launch on twitteraddr httpaddr if you have a few hours to kill.	neutral
so iphone numbrth generation has numbr models: numbr, numbr plus and numbrs. if i can wait it out i'll get the numbr.	positive
numbr,numbr seats for an apple product announcement? iphone is just upgrade. apple/siri tv may be big. i wonder who's playing? taytay? billy j.?	negative
cracked my numbrst iphone ever and i'm so pissed ... anyone know where i can get it fixed asap besides apple	negative
can't wait to see the new iphone tomorrow. and final can update my apple watch to osnumbr	positive
i truthfully liked my galaxy better as a phone experience but the game/app market is better on iphone.  httpaddr	neutral
today we get the specs on the iphone numbrs. will i be buying a note numbr this friday or pre ordering a numbrs? possibly both?	positive
my iphone wants to break... well it's about time. isn't apples event tomorrow?	neutral
twitteraddr no it'll launch with the new iphone = on next friday not even coming friday because pre-orders	neutral
i expect to see news about a numbrgb iphone when i wake up tomorrow.	positive
some folks wait for next apple launch just so they can buy the new iphone. and some wait just to buy a numbrnd hand two gen old cheaper model.	neutral
this numbr year old on the bus tryina convince me he's got an iphone numbr plus and i'm sat here like httpaddr	neutral
anyone interested to find out about the new iphone - livestream from numbrpm uk time on any apple device httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr come and get a free copy tomorrow thursday at wilcox and st. george. sorry, can't fit it in the iphone.	neutral
"""the iphone numbrs, the greatest thing to ever exist since the iphone numbr."" *crowd goes wild* twitteraddr  httpaddr"	positive
iphone numbrs launches tomorrow. as does the mahindra tuvnumbr. too tired to care. all the best topc	neutral
it's your last chance to take advantage of gazelle's best price guarantee on iphone trade-ins... httpaddr	positive
the new iphone gets announced today... that's really all that matters, happy wednesday everynumbr	positive
we can make the numbrth iphone, interactive robots, and grow brains but yet mcdonalds can never keep their ice cream machine working.	negative
wanna watch the iphone announcement... live? with any ios device (safari browser)... watch here, starting numbr am pst: httpaddr	positive
definitely watching the iphone event today to see what i'll be upgrading to in february.	positive
tomorrow is the day when rumours about the new iphone day after is the day when rumours about the next iphone will start. waiting for that	neutral
numbr september has arrived, which means apple's new iphone is now just hours away from becoming an official thing. httpaddr	positive
color take on the head doodles from topc wednesday. from a while back -- only have the iphone photo though: httpaddr	positive
i do love my iphone numbrplus but i am definitely not a fan of the fact that i just accidentally sat on it and it is now another shape...	negative
few more hours to iphone numbrs launch and im still using the numbrth generation ^_^	positive
my numbrth grade art teacher had her iphone stolen from the classroom, someone took the sim card out so she couldn't track it	negative
get the popcorn (or coffee in my case) ready, folks. numbr hour till the new iphone event! tuning in from topc nc. httpaddr	positive
"only one hour until the topc   ""iphone numbrs? ipad pro? here's what you think apple will announce today""  httpaddr"	positive
i'm eligible for an upgrade next monday. hopefully the new iphone drops next friday so i can go straight to verizon after work.	positive
minutes aways for the unvieling of iphonenumbrsplus or is it going to be iphone numbr??????!?!?!?!? httpaddr	positive
topc a look at the evolution of apple's iphone: apple will unveil the new iphone on wednesday. the next ipho... httpaddr	positive
rumor has it apple is likely to unveil numbr new iphones at their numbr sep media event; iphone numbrs, iphone numbrs plus,iphone numbrc httpaddr	positive
you're all talking about an iphone event and i'm just sat here chatting about tinder httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
i turn numbr soon &amp; a friend went missing on a tuesday nite, the other who has his iphone doesn't know how to use it, &amp; i wasn't even there	negative
twitteraddr  ah, bizarrely i see it on my iphone, but not on laptop with safari, which only has numbrst numbr tabs.  weird.	positive
if you're an iphone user like myself, new phone and more to be revealed in the next numbr minutes! watch it live here httpaddr	positive
i'm so excited to see the new iphone release, even though it may be following a trend xd	positive
cool filter called the blinding sun &amp; iphone numbrc... lol @ gediminas' tower httpaddr	positive
well, i'll be watching on a numbrth gen of iphone. even it wont get ios numbr update.  topc	positive
why would you waste a good ipod like this...idiots...idiots httpaddr	negative
"i crushed a numbr.numbrkm run with a pace of numbr'numbr"" with nike + ipod.  topc  topc topc : httpaddr"	positive
twitteraddr can next friday please get here any faster? i need the rest of topc on my ipod!	positive
topc twitteraddr you may suck at mario but we get to laugh at you while getting a chance at winning the ipod so we win :d	neutral
twitteraddr i will have it by tomorrow!! i'm on my ipod now haha. when you free	positive
httpaddr  come join mark on his charity live stream to help fight depression and bipolar  ^-^ you may even an ipod topc	positive
memorised the journey to lucy's tomorrow in case my ipod and iphone run out of charge on route haha	positive
lmao just turned on my ipod for numbrst time in numbrevs &amp; this is the last photo httpaddr	positive
i have the moonlight sonata numbrrd movement in my ipod and i listen to it when i need to relax	positive
twitteraddr my ipod was broken today by bullies and i got the pieces back today. if i get this ipod i will scream thank you mar	positive
twitteraddr i have faith that tonight i may win an ipod which would mean the world to me and i would treasure it qith my life	positive
still can't get my ipod numbrrd gen shuffle to change songs cos of the usb not recognized error numbr shit. does this mean i need new usb cable?	negative
hey twitteraddr my birthday is this coming thursday and i don't necessarily want an ipod but a happy birthday would suffice haha topc	positive
topc lets go new winner of the ipod and may we reach out goal hazzah and mark are you going to pax south	positive
the stream is so long!!! i wanna go to sleep but... i want a ipod. numbrnd hardest decision in my life.	positive
topc (i want a ipod) httpaddr	positive
apple has a recall on all numbrst generation ipod nano's, and will give you a numbrth generation ipod nano if you return the numbrst generation one.	positive
h. i'm going to make a twitter to use on my ipod at school/work tomorrow bc this fucks up my notifs	negative
i should be getting into bed, i am however instead looking through my ipod for songs i might want to pole to.  i may be addicted.	positive
no ipod until numbrth grade began... brother is still in elementary and succeeded in convincing dad he 'needs' one.	neutral
i have to deal with this ipod so rest in pieces my emo snowflake fuckers. here's to our tomorrow. thank you for living to see today.	negative
i may have to pull out my oldskool ipod and just blast some tupac from my tv this morning topc	neutral
"let you know what kind of day it's going to be--numbrst song up on my ipod is ""do it now"". by mos def/yb.  leggo!"	positive
this is my lazy saturday morning laying in bed on my ipod listening to twitteraddr edc it's one of his best sets httpaddr	positive
"twitteraddr rt: ""breyana has my ipod and i'm not going to get it back till tomorrow... take care of my baby br..."" httpaddr"	neutral
saw an ipod nano numbrth(?) gen numbrgb one at the cash converter's place	neutral
still head over heels in love with my (numbrth generation) ipod. curated to the hilt. topc topc topc topc	positive
rock(s) rider - hd edition *** please note: compatible with iphone numbrs, ipad numbr, ipad mini, ipod touch (numbrth... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr my ipod is actually numbrth generation . google it out	neutral
ipod charged and new music loaded for tomorrow's ride with twitteraddr	positive
when does the ipod touch numbrth gen, come out?	neutral
my worst day was my mom finding my numbrth grade ipod. reading the band names was like reading charges at a trial. an indictment of my bad taste	neutral
i may have a numbr yo ipod classic, i've never encountered a problem w/ it, unlike my sisters whose newer models seem to crash quite easily.	positive
i hope tho hive will be fast to upload the video and audio of the performance tomorrow so i can have it on my ipod	neutral
how did i make it on the bus on thursday without my ipod????	neutral
btw, twitteraddr is the guy who gave me an ipod last year, on which my son (twitteraddr ) numbrst set me up on twitter. my numbrst tweet was numbr/numbr/numbr.	positive
"in my emotions today ab the boys break, turn on my numbrd ipod folder and the numbrst song was ""back for you"". is that a sign??"	neutral
lost the game, lost my ipod, and lost my brand new half sleeve. this was a terrible ass saturday.	negative
off on holiday tomorrow, downloading apps for ipod for the plane anyone know any good free ones?	positive
twitteraddr i still have my original newfangled ipod. maybe i'll bring it to the game on monday.	positive
twitteraddr i *may* have a playlist on my ipod devoted entirely to songs about trains. i *may* also be a total geek.	positive
megadeth - into the lungs of hell / set the world afire - vinyl httpaddr   bike so far dans mon ipod en route pour charlevoix	neutral
mom tells me to not spend so much time on my ipod but when i ask her to take me to numbrnd &amp; charles to buy me books she says no...wut	neutral
ipod accessories: tsirtech numbr piece ipod classic, accessory bundle compatible with ipod classic numbrgb and new numbrth... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr i miss my kitty.. he used to chase the sun reflection of my ipod on the wall..	neutral
i found my old ipod classic from the numbrth grade the songs on it oh my god	neutral
hey twitteraddr please rt, running gnr on sunday, anyone got suggestions for good running songs.  need to update the ipod.	positive
finally gonna buy my own camera tomorrow ! i'm so excited, i'll be able to take pictures with something else than my old ipod.	positive
if you found a set of headphones &amp; an ipod twitteraddr on saturday by twitteraddr in terminal c, please turn them in. reward offered. topc	neutral
i just went on my old ipod and found selfies from like numbrth and numbrth grade. i think i'm scarred for life.	neutral
loading some sick new music onto my ipod for the topc tomorrow.	positive
apple anumbr numbrgb numbrth generation ipod with video (ipod only black numbrth gen. read!) httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
numbrst day back at work after a terrible week off and i've forgotten my ipod, security pass and lunch! topc topc	negative
my boys twitteraddr &amp; twitteraddr just came on shuffle on my ipod and now i miss mulled wine nights and the numbrth fold and them.	neutral
don't forget to collect the bills and win free ipod nano numbrth generation &amp; numbr% ck vouchers of total bills , we... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr nice, smallzy retweeted me during the wild premier on thursday and i dropped my ipod whoops	neutral
sitting in my office, window open, sun shining in, listening to my ipod, wondering exactly what the catch is with this job.	positive
does anyone know how to get around a disabled numbrth gen ipod without putting it into recovery mode?	negative
topc ipod nano may be the worst atm skimmer ever created - just when you thought the click wheel... httpaddr topc	negative
twitteraddr i have a numbrth generation ipod and i cant download any new apps or update anything so i pretty much just use it for music/snapchat	neutral
numbr gud thing about losing my phone is that it made me use my ipod which has all the songs i used listen to in numbrrd year	positive
when i do auto time on my ipod it thinks it january numbr numbr	neutral
i drenched the old ipod nano (numbrth gen) in isopropanol and it actually worked! the screen will never look the same but totally worth it.	positive
can't believe i left my charger at tia's. i have just under numbr% until tomorrow, so in living on my ipod. you can only contact me via twitter	negative
found my old ipod from like numbrth grade and am now realizing i listened to some hood tunes for just a kid!!	positive
i got a new ipod today! hooray! the numbrth gen (gold) and ordered my case just now.my life is complete!	positive
apple ipod photo classic numbrth generation white (numbr gb) with music httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
i wish i still had my ipod from ages ago. i had much better taste in music in the numbrth grade	neutral
tbt when i got my ipod stolen in numbrth grade and i was only upset bc i thought whoever stole it was gonna leak the lesbian porn i had on it	negative
if anyone tries to text/imessage me on my ipod, just letting you know that i can't reply till thursday	neutral
twitteraddr can you make happy wheels compatable with ipod numbrth generation my game lags so much and you can see everything but the floor.	negative
may or may not have just found my old ipod w/ jb, mariah carey, &amp; kelly clarkson on it	positive
i'm not taking my ipod to school tomorrow because i want to have a battery when i go to my concert	positive
my numbrs is out of data till the numbrth and can't connect to wifi anymore, i have an ipod now	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr  ...what are your thoughts about apple's ipod touch numbrth gen?	positive
just synced saturday's live set on my ipod. time to pick up fragments of my memories together and cry on the train...	negative
radio free ted (my car ipod) plays the moody blues.   i tell it that no, it's tuesday numbr am.  afternoon is in another hour.	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr [numbr/numbr] that's why my prog/indie/heavy rock-filled ipod has one direction's numbrrd and numbrth albums on it. i am not kidding.	positive
yall i got my ipod taken in numbrrd period because i forgot to turn my volume down and i got a notif about army selca day	negative
i need a new ipod. i've had the same one since like numbrth grade	neutral
i used to absolutely love the music to silent hill. even had it on my ipod! httpaddr	positive
i went through my old ipod nano and i still listen to the same music i did in numbrth grade..chili peppers, green day, the killers, blink omfg	positive
found an ancient ipod nano, i may have to keep it.	positive
gonna try to run numbr laps tomorrow atleast numbr it should be easy i just can't talk to ppl. just gotta listen to my ipod and keep runnin	positive
numbrst song on the ipod upon leaving gb is 'good life' by one republic &amp; upon leaving an amazing weekend w/ twitteraddr &amp; her fam it truly is!	positive
twitteraddr will the ipod numbrth generation have a rear camera for the numbrgb version? because the numbrth gen didn't	neutral
ipod: apple ipod touch numbr gb (numbrnd generation--with iphone os numbr.numbr software installed) [old model] httpaddr	neutral
also, my fucking ipod got stolen at snipes &amp; the only thing i can't let go of is the music. take the numbrst gen ipod, just want my jamz back	negative
twitteraddr idk i just wanted to make convo since my phone is kinda ruined because pool and i'm using like a numbrrd generation ipod lol so	negative
twitteraddr miss you tay! i was just looking thru my ipod &amp; i have vids of you singing back in sat prep lol	positive
twitteraddr my ipod died . i'll text when i get a charger tomorrow . unless you wanna text an android user	neutral
my first ipod was a numbrrd gen, everyone else had iphone numbrs at the time.	neutral
'sometimes you're just better off dead, there's a gun in your hand that's pointing to your head...' wednesday's ipod selection	negative
i have loads to tell you guys that will make yall super proud but i'm using my ipod now and it's super laggy so i'll tell later or tomorrow	positive
twitteraddr i need that ipod that noah left at your house, could you dm me when your mom or kevin is home tomorrow so i can come get it?	neutral
twitteraddr oh i said numbrth generation of the ipod nano, no reply still	neutral
twitteraddr haven't listened all morning, wed is an ipod day, besides don't want to hear about astros choke job	negative
iphone, ipad, or ipod touch, mac with safari, pc with microsoft edge on windows numbr httpaddr topc	neutral
i may need to get tweetbot for my ipod just for the mute function.	neutral
wrong. the original ipod unveiling when stevo pulled it out of his pocket at the end is my favourite.  httpaddr	neutral
another nail in the coffin to jay-z failure 'tidal' as cash money sues for $numbrm over lil wanker's album twitteraddr httpaddr	negative
topc twitteraddr - not just for the drinks but for jay-z's numbr problems! numbr problems that we may just ponder about at some point in our lives!	positive
sitting at a curb staring at the white house listening to jay-z.thats a fine friday	positive
dear ppl who attribute vocal fry trend to britney &amp; kim k: have you ever heard jay-z talk? httpaddr httpaddr	negative
"i'm crushed ""it's a hoax: jay-z and beyonce aren't trying to buy rights to the confederate flag httpaddr via twitteraddr"	negative
compare that to jay-z and kanye tho in music years it hasn't been that long because he about to drop his numbrth album httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr   yeah bro but it's warning shot. you can't go all in on the numbrst track. jay-z made that mistake and nas finished him.	neutral
same stage as jay-z but y'all don't wanna give props. cool. need i speak on twitteraddr 's achievements? the numbrst emcee to represent gh @ the	neutral
beyonce and jay-z spent $numbr,numbr on blue ivy's numbrst birthday party and i just paid for a bag of fucking monster munch with numbrp coins	neutral
.twitteraddr has become the numbrst footballer twitteraddr sports,owned by legendary rapper jay-z topc httpaddr	neutral
going through a jay-z album per day starting tomorrow. skipping over best of both worlds though. hated that one.	neutral
for those who may not know, jay-z wrote the verses for still d.r.e but he's never disrespected dre or ever spoken about ghostwriting.	positive
december numbrth only cause i used the beginning in my jay-z speech for class httpaddr	positive
was hoping this would escalate to be something like nas vs jay-z but meek got ko'ed in the numbrnd round lol	positive
we think it's much better than kids who  obsess over people like jay-z &amp; miley cyrus. httpaddr	neutral
[topc video: casey veggies talks first meeting with jay-z at numbr years old, working hard to inspire the youth httpaddr dec numbr,	positive
jay-z may bail out of tidal investment: jay-z has significantly funded the ambitious streaming platform, howev... httpaddr	neutral
meek mill or numbr year old white boy that just discovered jay-z? the world may never know	neutral
meek drooped like a jay-z album the numbrnd &amp; numbrrd time you hear it. you will understand it and fall in love with it	positive
"jay-z stole his whole numbrnd verse from ""numbr problems"" from bun b in the ugk song ""touched"". come on y'all listen to old hip hop."	negative
"numbrst it was ""jay-z's"" tidal now it's jay z is trying to part ways with tidal!! he need twitteraddr to help him with these investments"	neutral
i was in like the numbrth, numbrth, numbrth grade burning cds and mixtapes that faithfully consisted of dipset, old bone thugs, and hella jay-z	positive
jay-z may not be the best looking guy, but he proves to others that looks aren't everything	positive
"roadblock: in the immortal words of jay-z: ""whatever deity may guide my life, dear lord don't let me die tonight.... httpaddr"	positive
"""jay-z stole all his music in reasonable doubt.""  that may be true, but he stole some timeless, genius shit"	positive
update: mom does not appreciate jay-z. we have now moved on to bumpin old school taylor swift. nearing the numbrth hour.	neutral
my gym is playing pmqs on the screens and bbc numbrxtra over the speakers, so i get to imagine osborne and theresa may rapping along to jay-z.	neutral
crazy in love by beyonce feat. jay-z was no.numbr in the uk charts on numbr august numbr httpaddr	positive
would be crazy if dr. dre, eminem, jay-z all show up at twitteraddr topc tomorrow. tonight it's twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr topc	positive
an i will bring my ass to new york if i have to..  we going to sat that bitch off... jay-z yall lost your fucking... httpaddr	neutral
"jay-z stole bigs actual words damn near da numbrst numbr bars on ""i just wanna love you"" (give it to me)  httpaddr"	negative
my following may not be as big as jay-z's but i got a solid supportive growing following. thanks for the love. topc	positive
the numbrst dance at my wedding will actually just be a duet of diamonds from sierra leone-remix with my husband as jay-z and myself as kanye.	positive
aye now meek may surprise us. you know when jay-z dropped takeover they thought it was over for nas. and then ether......	positive
may the best of your today be the worse off your tomorrow - jay-z	positive
topc twitteraddr is leading the pack for a the carters: lil wayne, beyonce, and jay-z ride thursday at numbr:numbrpm! grab a bike!	positive
if you pine for a time when jay-z didn't suck, then listen to czarface. esoteric, numbr/numbrrd of the group, is a dead ringer for his voice.	neutral
august numbrth is work like a dog day. because sometimes you just have to do what you have to do. jay-z said it well: can't knock the hustle!...	neutral
imagine if ether had dropped in the social media age. we may not have the same respect we do for jay-z today.	positive
numbrrd verse on numbr by gucci the best diss verse period. he dissed jay-z &amp; jeezy &amp; crushed that shit.	neutral
i know it's old, but the beatles, jay-z, danger mouse -- c'mon... classic mix --... httpaddr	positive
i grew up to this song..didn't knew the numbrnd verse is about beyonce..until now.jay-z - lost one ft. chrisette michele httpaddr	positive
the sun, earth, the lakers, jay-z, oprah, and numbr whoppers httpaddr	positive
topc announced that he is releasing an album with jay-z that is coming out on september numbrth.  it will be featured on topc	neutral
prince confirmed that he and jay-z will release an album september numbr. topc  topc	positive
st james park randomly playing the instrumental for my numbrst song by jay-z at half time?  decent.	positive
jay-z - imaginary player   go o's numbr-numbr bottom of the numbrth. httpaddr	neutral
topc topc tidal is a satanic illuminati plan to make more $$$ jay-z, beyonce, ... httpaddr httpaddr	negative
numbrst day of numbrth grade...even jay-z the wonder horse wanted to be involved. httpaddr	neutral
jay-z is the numbrnd most overrated rapper of all-time behind drake	negative
topc get set to battle it out! twitteraddr is dropping the beat for a kanye vs. jay-z ride tomorrow at numbrpm! grab a bike!	neutral
talib, jay-z, kanye, t.i, big pooh, dela, j dilla, nas, pete rock, numbrth wonder and the legendary slum village.	positive
personally handing jay-z jerseys may be the highlight of my new york existence. first time i've been star struck.	positive
from now on i'll try to be more sympathetic towards freemasons like jay-z. when you come from nothing european culture may look like heaven.	positive
jay-z and beyonce came to taylor's numbrth but not kim and kanye's wedding. imma let taylor finish, but she had the best birthday of all time.	positive
topc jay-z's got that friday feeling - httpaddr  have you?	positive
who belong in the numbrrd spot for top numbr of all time. jay-z, nas or eminem?	positive
make a lasting impression on the first day of class tomorrow: walk in with a boom box blaring public service announcement by jay-z	positive
"enjoying how the jay-z vs. abdel halim hafez lawsuit forces serious newspapers to put ""big pimpin'"" in headlines. httpaddr"	positive
jay-z make time for bey.. the president make time for the numbrst lady. so where are you so busy at again?	negative
song cry x jay-z is one of my favorite songs, don't screw over the one that's been dsdnumbr no matter what changes life may bring, just don't.	neutral
when you realize classes start the numbrth so the ac/dc concert will be the best concert since eminem and jay-z topc	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr there's no middle ground with her though. her jay-z insights used to veer off into the numbrrd testicle range	negative
just to see a bitch that looks like jay-z? got me fucked up on the numbrth level of hell.	negative
jay-z: can i get a fuck you? jay-z's dad: i don't know, can you? jay-z: may i get a fuck you? jay-z's dad: no, it's supper time. go wash up.	neutral
sept numbr, numbr-  good: jay-z drops the best rap album of the decade (the blueprint)  bad: world trade center gets destroyed   topc	positive
dreamed i was twitteraddr and i spent the night making out with jay-z at a lower east side rooftop party until the sun came up.	positive
twitteraddr the numbrnd one makes me feel like i'm touring the home of a jay-z impersonator	neutral
"when jay-z said, ""thirty-eight revolve like the sun round the earth"" httpaddr"	neutral
nah, but vol. numbr might be my numbrrd favorite jay-z album but it has some shit tracks	neutral
my nigga twitteraddr sat down with jay-z's right hand man on a rooftop in the city. i'm rootin' for youngin'. straight up!	positive
"""the best part of living in new york is the nightlife. the numbrnd best part is knowing that jay-z and beyonce share the same weather as me."""	positive
twitteraddr today was a jay-z type of the day. who knows what tomorrow will bring?	positive
what's stopping jay-z, puffy, numbr cent, lil wayne from doing the same if they haven't already? twitteraddr  httpaddr	negative
beyonce numbr &amp; jay-z numbr. im not even stressing nomore future bae probly in the numbrth grade playing freeze tag	neutral
twitteraddr i don't know. she just recited jay-z to me. this may have yours beat for best reply. httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr although you may know this better than i do since you're from california lol i'm not knocking jay-z view in black culture, i say	positive
twitteraddr may album sya with jay-z baka lift off kakantahin nila with bey.	neutral
"""we make a million of beats, cause our stories is deep. and fuck tomorrow, as long as the night before was sweet."" - jay-z"	positive
only looking forward to kanye's performance at the vma's tomorrow! heard he's bringing out rih, bey, jay-z &amp; paul mccarthy	positive
i was certainly not expecting twitteraddr to bring twitteraddr and jay-z to the ville.  i may have dropped a tear or two.  greatest show ever!	positive
"""see baby photos of blue ivy carter, the daughter of beyonce and jay-z,"" - huffington post httpaddr"	neutral
if kanye became president, folk that wrote off the masonic/illuminati symbols in he and jay-z's music/vids as meaningless, may think again!	positive
jay-z may have his big companies... and beyonce but that doesn't amount  to what nas has done for the world and the people.	neutral
"today during numbrth it was dead silent in the library &amp; all of a sudden my ipad started blasting jay-z's voice saying ""motherfucker i got this"""	positive
also the correct top numbr is eminem, jay-z, numbrpac, the notorious b.i.g., and ice cube in that order with big pun as the numbrth man	positive
beyonce is numbr and jay-z is numbr. so i ain't even stressing anymore. bae is probably chilling in the numbrth grade playing freeze tag.	neutral
jay-z sat in that interview like a god showing that he was truly ahead of his time while the other niggas flirting with foxy brown	positive
i knew jay-z was getting old but i forgot about eminem. he looks numbr something! httpaddr	positive
beyonce: has an album called numbr got married on the numbrth jay-z's b'day's on the numbrth got a numbr tattoo  why do people think she was born on the numbrrd	neutral
i don't know much about algebaaaa,but i know today it's the numbrth and it happens to be jay-z's wife's bday.	neutral
twitteraddr hey honey may i have a coffe cup with that song? jay-z - can i get a...	positive
twitteraddr not really and i'm a huge jay-z fan. but, when march numbrth come around? biggie all day everyday	positive
did def jam have anything to do with jay-z meeting just blaze and numbrth wonder?	neutral
happy bday to the amazing twitteraddr topc big love to you, jay-z and blue ivy. may ur family continue to amaze this world. loves x	positive
the game numbrst album numbr song he say he rap like eazy-e then nas then numbr cent then dr dre then jay-z then eazy-e again then like his dead bro	positive
may have smoked a blunt with jay-z at the twitteraddr show last nigh trying to remember..no big deal but i want his connect shits fire !!!	positive
may the lord give you jay-z and beyonce's kinda love... no way that relationship is fake or for social media	positive
the day jay-z comes to s.a i'll be the numbrst person to cue  at the computicket  i love that man	positive
topc december numbrth by jay-z from the album: the black album	neutral
.twitteraddr i think you should get .twitteraddr as guest against colberts numbrst show.   he starts with jeb bush really? topc	negative
twitteraddr when was the last time a front runner was asked about a numbrrd party run? the media should be asking jeb bush that question!	neutral
.twitteraddr  topc you make me not want to watch your show(s) by having jeb bush as numbrst show guest twitteraddr twitteraddr topc	negative
twitteraddr bring the heat. get top draw guests against colbert numbrst week. numbrst guest on colbert = jeb bush - really? awful	neutral
"topc to jeb bush for john dempsey for picking ""boring"" as the numbrst word he thinks of to describe him."	neutral
"why in the world is jeb bush embracing eric cantor?: the answer may be simple: ""why not?"" httpaddr"	neutral
"twitteraddr presented summation of costs that may be associated w/ building ""wall"" on the southern border. way less than jeb bush stated"	neutral
jeb bush's ad blitz begins sept numbrth in the early primary states. httpaddr no poll movement by october? donors might squirm.	negative
.twitteraddr eric cantor, who evidently wants jeb bush to lose the nomination, will endorse jeb bush on thursday httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr hey jeb bush, first thing you need to remember is that you're actually running in a primary. numbrnd primary voters are nuts.	negative
new chris christie superpac ad may be the most boring political ad ever produced. comparable to transforming cosmo kramer into jeb bush	neutral
hillary upset biden may run; jeb bush upset trump is leading in the polls; both had family in the w.h. both feeling entitled to be next	negative
the media and the rich spend their time talking about jeb bush yet he has absolutely no public support. a numbrrd bush presidency? really?	negative
"both jeb bush and lindsey graham want to be the numbrst ""matronly"" potus!"	neutral
jeb bush also took in some hard cash in the hamptons on saturday httpaddr via twitteraddr	neutral
politico reports numbr top jeb bush fundraisers left his presidential campaign friday, amid questions about the strength of his candidacy. wow!	neutral
three top jeb bush fundraisers abruptly parted ways with his presidential campaign on friday, amid internal personality conflicts and	neutral
it's hard to make the case that jeb bush is still the likely nominee. he's currently numbrth in ia and numbrrd in nh. winners have to, you know, win	neutral
"jeb bush: ""if you create encryption, it makes it harder for the american government to do its job"" httpaddr"	neutral
twitteraddr we need to terminate this horrible deal with iran on the very numbrst day in office, but jeb bush refuses! end of discussion ..	negative
donald trump and jeb bush want dictatorship on 'anchor babies'. do they not have rights under the numbrth amendment? topc topc	negative
when jeb bush stepped up onto the fabled soapbox at the iowa state fair on friday, fairgoers pelted him with questions about the legacy of	neutral
jeb bush, continuing to hit back against donald trump, took some not-so-subtle digs wednesday at the gop front-runner's decision to let a	neutral
will ted cruz, jeb bush, and all the top ten who swore to support the gop primary winner.....do it.   looks like they may end with trump! ha	negative
twitteraddr the one good thing trump may do in the long run is take out jeb bush. trump is targeting jeb as his main threat.	negative
"twitteraddr twitteraddr jeb bush dug himself a deep hole with his ""act of love"" comment.if he was +numbr% yesterday, he will be -numbr% tomorrow"	negative
omg a trump supporter on topc just suggested that jeb bush may have low testosterone which is why he's low energy.	negative
"jeb bush is the victim of the numbrst ""willie horton"" ad this cycle, &amp; it's by trump httpaddr ironically, his dad made the numbrst one"	neutral
ppp poll in nh evidence the disaster not nominating trump could be for twitteraddr trump as an independent beats jeb bush for numbrnd - numbr% to numbr%	neutral
personality conflicts may have led to three top jeb bush fundraisers leaving the campaign, but they are still working with the former	neutral
can we finally stop talking about jeb bush now? ben carson is polling at topc and may pass trump soon.	neutral
jeb bush is an utter failure should drop out now as he is in numbrth place	negative
"""get them to write about policy,"" jeb bush says, pointing to reporters, when asked about higher-ed plan. ""they may break out in a rash"""	neutral
"""i promise you that when you look at results on september numbr we'll be fine,"" jeb bush says of fundraising tumult"	neutral
time for the topc to begin asking jeb bush some tough questions. topc topc topc topc twitteraddr  httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr hahaha yes donald i'm visiting trump tower this sunday. i hope to see you!  jeb bush is a total joke as a candidate.	neutral
martha to jeb bush: do you stand by the 'act of love' statement? httpaddr	neutral
from january: jeb bush, and two myths about shifting to the right - httpaddr	neutral
trump aiming his sharpest tweets at jeb bush. but with ben carson surging in numbrnd place, is trump missing the target? twitteraddr has more.	neutral
what i don't get is why donors would fill jeb bush's coffers!  there is a frightening division in the republican party that may end in loss!	negative
john kasich may is just jeb bush from the a different state. he's a mealy mouthed squish.  httpaddr	negative
chicago (il) sun-times: jeb bush gets personal with &amp;topc donald trump. more topc topc - httpaddr	neutral
donald trump on tuesday hit back at jeb bush's accusation that the billionaire businessman is not a true conservative, amid an	neutral
twitteraddr  jeb bush appears to be afraid of something.  probably the truth and trump may be able to help him out.	negative
donald trump: jeb bush should be 'speaking english while in the united states': donald trump on wednesday fire... httpaddr	neutral
iowa gop poll results are here, in numbrrd place jeb bush with numbr%, in numbrnd place donald trump with numbr% and in numbrst place is john cena	neutral
twitteraddr jeb bush in numbrth place with numbr%.. httpaddr	neutral
turns out that annointing jeb bush the default establishment candidate may have been premature? you don't say. httpaddr	negative
c'mon. you gotta love this guy! twitteraddr donald trump says jeb bush should 'set the example' by speaking english only	neutral
tune-in to twitteraddr tomorrow. i'm sitting down with gop presidential candidate jeb bush.	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr   httpaddr  jeb bush says he has released all his emails from time as governor.	neutral
...and jeb bush is third in the polls and losing donors. be fair and balance...twitteraddr twitteraddr httpaddr	neutral
"""did donald trump propose the biggest tax hike in american history as jeb bush says?""  ruling: true httpaddr"	neutral
donald trump may criticize jeb bush all he wishes, but he isn't able to call jeb bush, nor his supporters, racist like the donald is.	negative
jeb bush may have got himself into a bit of a mess. the presidential candidate, who will appear on the first ... httpaddr	negative
haha jeb bush is such a bore the guy in the background of this vid could totally not give a shit about this dirtbag. httpaddr	negative
nationally jeb bush slips back to single digits in the rcp average of polls. carson clear numbrnd to trump: httpaddr	neutral
trump is leading numbr points in the polls but kasich may prove to be a greater threat to jeb bush.... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr numbr hell with jeb bush with spanish speaking we dont tell mexico numbr speak english and i'm half hispanic! english numbrst n the usa	negative
washington (reuters) - jeb bush said on thursday he would back fellow republican presidential hopeful donald t... httpaddr	positive
if jeb bush wins by some far chance the flood gate will be really opened and our numbrst language will be spanish	negative
jeb bush's new stance on trump: bring it on: for the second day in a row on wednesday, the bush campaign went ... httpaddr	neutral
jeb bush should speak english only as it encourages esl /we should be honoring this country - not making it into a numbrrd world one!	negative
twitteraddr jeb bush, who hates trump right now, just agreed to support trump if he wins...to keep trump from going numbrrd party. ha!	neutral
jeb bush will unveil his tax plan in garner on wednesday. claims it will create numbr mil new jobs. topc topc topc	neutral
it may seem a strange comparison, but jeb bush has a lot in common with barack obama. httpaddr	neutral
donald trump took a jab wednesday at jeb bush for using spanish to dismiss the mogul's conservative credibility.	neutral
numbr$ to join raffle to see twitteraddr numbrst late night show &amp; have sc ask jeb bush your question!  i'm in - are you?  httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr jeb bush probably knows and he'd probably get us into a numbrrd iraq invasion.  knows lots of little facts, learns nothing.	negative
twitteraddr numbr/numbr  i can't believe i'm defending jeb bush but here goes... numbrst: no official language here in the united states of america.	negative
"twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr ""and destroy jeb bush while i'm at it!"" though these same priorities may be reversed for all i know."	negative
twitteraddr time for the numbrnd roman catholic president since jfk, jeb bush httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr when you talk about ben carson please show him, not jeb bush like you did on your thurs. show.	negative
just minutes after jeb bush bashed donald trump in his stump speech on thursday, bush was questioned by a frustrated voter on what he	negative
jeb bush pretending he's a co front runner but he's in numbrth place and carly fioriana bragging how she's in numbrnd place in numbr states. losers.	negative
twitteraddr the one that shows jeb bush in numbrth pl. yet talk about jeb bush every morning instead of the others ahead of him- ok ?	neutral
republican presidential hopeful jeb bush delivered parallel messages on tuesday - one in spanish, another in english - as he took a sharp	neutral
twitteraddr c'mon twitteraddr if anybody needs your harsh advice , it would be your friend jeb bush! twitteraddr does a heck of a lot better	negative
i just vaulted jeb bush up to numbrth place in my rankings.	neutral
hmu if you wanna go protest the jeb bush rally on the numbrth with me and adams	neutral
the force was not with him when jeb bush tried to get social on topc  httpaddr topc topc	negative
saving my hopes and jeb bush is a crush on someone says make the numbrnd amendment is a guy.	neutral
a day after taking steps to warm relations with hispanics, donald j. trump may have taken a step backward when he suggested that jeb bush	negative
"breaking from the ""numbrth commandment,"" scott walker targets jeb bush in a new video httpaddr httpaddr"	neutral
jeb bush attacking donald trump in spanish seems like the numbrnd act of a greek tragedy where your efforts to avoid the prophecy make it happen	negative
"former florida gov. jeb bush said thursday that his chief opponent, front-runner donald trump, is ""trying to insult his way"" to the white"	negative
jeb bush may have lots of cash and great political organization but don't compare him to romney.  he doesn't have the moxie needed today!	negative
"twitteraddr jeb bush's numbrst name is not ""jeb."" it is john. let's be accurate with news reporting."	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr all the beverly hillbilly cast, granny hillary, jeb bush, jethro boehner, eli may ?,  banker barak.	negative
twitteraddr no idea sorry! just kno pundits say trump will prob. lose popularity later as he has little policy. poss jeb bush may get rep nom?	negative
twitteraddr  why no mention that jeb bush sat on the board of the fraudster's fake company? nice try dumbass.	negative
"twitteraddr twitteraddr jeb bush thinks if he only uses numbrst name we won't think about ""bushes"" negative name recognition use bush alot lol"	neutral
ha ha ha... jeb bush said he didn't need the base to win and he was going to prove it. but single digit numbrth place in nh may be result	negative
jeb bush fading from the presidential race and hillary clinton slowly dropping from the numbrth mark in the presidential race.....  obvious!	neutral
hey jeb bush, are these examples of acts of love also? wake up dude, they want bring their craphole country to usa. httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr krugman may like trump but jeb bush is still the democrat party choice for republican nominee.	neutral
jeb bush releasing tax reform plan tomorrow, trump will say it is stupid, bush a moron. his plan: make america great &amp; put on top again,	negative
four hard questions to ask about jeb bush's tax plan: jeb bush's tax plan is coming out wednesday. expect the usual soaring language ...	negative
refusing to own a gun may cost jeb bush dearly: crime is out of control in america. bush going unarmed will ma... httpaddr	negative
"pro-hillary clinton correct the record says jeb bush's numbrst tv ad is ""built on a phony record,"" says econ claims built on housing bubble"	neutral
obama gives joe biden 'blessing' for numbr bid &gt; if a second clinton mail server turns up he may get the nomination? httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr let's be honest. joe biden would win once he's in! he may even ask warren to be r-mate	neutral
rachel maddow re bernie sanders leading in nh in numbrnd poll said tell me again why joe biden? is the numbr that can challenge hillary on the left?	neutral
c'mon joe biden. you really don't want to be president. stop thinking with your ego and start thinking about the party and the people.	negative
politico: republicans giddy over possible biden candidacy: speculation that vice president joe biden may make ... httpaddr	positive
the continued attacks on the numbrnd amendment will continue if america is foolish enough to ever elect joe biden for potus (obama's numbrrd term).	negative
joe biden for presient? really? he may be a nice guy, but the man is a buffoon.	negative
dear journalists, please quit with the joe biden stories &amp; speculation. he's not even our numbrrd choice. sincerely, democrats everywhere.	negative
anyway,  peace! i support both hillary and bernie and will support joe biden should he run. he may indeed! httpaddr	positive
this may be controversial, but i am inclined to argue that the lgbt community owes support to joe biden for outing democrats on gay marriage	positive
"twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr ""bennet later dodged a question about the possibility of a joe biden run"", numbrth down eh? ur all hypocrites!"	negative
biden gauging his 'emotional fuel': vice president joe biden revealed to members of the democratic national committee wednesday...  topc	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr ok, anyone believe joe biden may make a run at it?	neutral
"vice president joe biden will ""meet with senior advisors"" tomorrow. wh did not provide a location."	neutral
top reasons joe biden should run for president: jimmy fallon may invite him on his show to play something with ping-pong balls.	positive
joe biden will meet with jewish leaders in miami re irandeal on september numbr. httpaddr	neutral
clinton backer tom harkin tells friend joe biden there are ways he can serve the country, but don't run a numbrrd time.  httpaddr	neutral
vice president joe biden will meet with afl-cio richard trumka later thursday, further fueling talk that he may... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr numbrst, clinton is the worst debater. numbrnd, have you ever heard joe biden open his mouth? hes a clown!	negative
joe biden will meet with afl-cio president, further fueling talk that he may enter the white house race. i predict a labor day announcement.	neutral
joe biden confirms he is deciding on whether to run for president | us news | the guardian httpaddr	neutral
"joe biden on why he may not run for president: ""my whole heart and my whole soul, both are pretty well banged up."" httpaddr"	neutral
why joe biden may be the best hope for small businesses httpaddr	positive
happy friday.  here's joe biden being creepy with anime characters.  httpaddr	neutral
hawkie here reminds us of joe biden, the randy old coot who may run for president! topc a disgrace. topc httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr doesn't think vice president joe biden will run, biden recognizes that he won't win - retiring as a sitting vp may be a better idea	neutral
my early presidential prediction: numbryear from now we will be down to just numbr...joe biden vs marco rubio. you heard it here numbrst!	neutral
"happy friday: here's joe biden making a cameo on a numbr episode of ""where in the world is carmen sandiego?"" httpaddr"	positive
starting to hope joe biden enters the race. it may just be time for an alternative. a debate between joe and trump would be epic.	positive
with joe biden, campaign numbr fun about to begin httpaddr via twitteraddr topc	positive
los angeles times - joe biden may not be at big confab for democrats, but he dominates the conversation httpaddr	neutral
joe biden obstacles in longshot run against hill clinton httpaddr just remember why he was neva elected potus in the numbrst place	neutral
washington (reuters) - u.s. vice president joe biden will meet on thursday with afl-cio president richard trumka as he explores whether to	neutral
"""joe biden may join bernie sanders in the democrat primary... i thought the democrats were opposed to fossil fools!"" ~ emily zanotti,"	negative
take a good look at bernie saunders, he's giving hillary a run for her money. joe biden may join the race. and they're off!	positive
minneapolis (reuters) - joe biden got plenty of love from top democrats on friday, but their views about a pos... httpaddr	neutral
joe biden or donald trump may be the next president of the united states. just think about that for a little bit	neutral
published on aug numbr, numbr vice president joe biden met with senator elizabeth warren to discuss his potential run... httpaddr	neutral
why joe biden may well be a great candidate for smbs--if he'll run of course: httpaddr twitteraddr	positive
if vice president joe biden decides to run for president, the most difficult task for him may come in cobbling... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr only with progressive liberal love numbrst people like bernie sanders &amp; joe biden can america stay steady mature of love forward first	positive
just heard that jackets + falcons + joe biden all doing things around numbrpm on thursday is gonna make traffic hellish!!!! fun!!!!	neutral
"pnumbr: afl-cio pres dick trumka to march with joe biden in labor day parade.""people can read into that...what they want. he's a good friend"""	positive
the constant drip drip of hilary's email scandal continues as joe biden waits in the wings hilary's campaign days may indeed be numbered!	neutral
by jeff mason washington, aug numbr (reuters) - backers of vice president joe biden are reaching out to donors and activists in the gay and	neutral
joe biden appears on late show w/ stephen colbert sept numbr. does he have something to announce? httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
welcome to the numbr veep twitteraddr joe biden kicking off a two-day visit south florida, wednesday. httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
i think joe biden will announce he's running for president on colbert next thursday.	positive
joe biden is headed to atlanta tomorrow as speculation mounts about a presidential run. w/ twitteraddr httpaddr topc	neutral
vice president joe biden soaked up some sun in florida, preparing to meet with fundraisers there as he stokes ... httpaddr	neutral
alert: vice president joe biden will be speaking at the jcc tomorrow. road blocks and major traffic is expected... httpaddr	neutral
vice president joe biden on wednesday was scheduled for a miami speech on the importance of community colleges,... httpaddr	neutral
political observers believe joe biden may soon announce a decision about a possible presidential run. topc httpaddr	neutral
great piece on joe biden and all-important florida. wish i knew the folks in the condominiums he visits. topc httpaddr	positive
vice president joe biden led an emotional memorial service on saturday honoring the five slain service members	neutral
triple traffic threat: topc  thursday twitteraddr falcons game, georgia tech game, and joe biden   on the downtown connector.	negative
i mean, the rumor is that joe biden may run. joe biden.	negative
joe biden wants to sit in on the hearings to watch hillary's it patsy take the numbrth. httpaddr	negative
joe biden is not going to run for president.  he may even resign as vice president before term ends.	negative
you know, what if joe biden runs for president with obama as his vice then steps down so obama is president for a numbrrd term?	positive
ga tech game, falcons game, joe biden in town, dragon con, labor day traffic, rain traffic..i may just stay the night where im at fuck it.	negative
fighting corruption is not just good governance. it's self-defense. it's patriotism. - joe biden  good morning. have a blessfull friday!	positive
oh i get it, joe biden was here or something. that may explain the incredible traffic.  or that may honestly just be atlanta	negative
"biden on numbr run: ""i just don't know"": vice president joe biden made his first public comment thursday about ... httpaddr"	neutral
biden: not sure i have 'emotional energy' for numbr run vice president joe biden said on thursday he is trying to... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr joe biden is a class act when it comes to frank talk. i hope he runs. but he may not.  excellent job as v.p.	positive
can`t say yet whether he will mount white house run: joe biden: us vice president joe biden said on thursday h... httpaddr	neutral
"biden says family will decide whether he runs for president: vice president joe biden said thursday night he ""... httpaddr"	positive
topc biden says he's not sure if he will seek presidency: vice president joe biden said thursday he was unsure... httpaddr	positive
biden says he'll run if he has the 'emotional energy' topc vice president joe biden said thursday that the bigge... httpaddr	positive
httpaddr joe biden drops hints about his next move; teacher donates kidney to her numbrst grade student.	neutral
'joe biden' appeared on thursday numbr at the numbrth place in the topnumbr of sacramento's trends: httpaddr topc	neutral
twitteraddr have you seen yesterday's twitteraddr article about joe biden? he may decide not to run for topc httpaddr	neutral
joe biden on numbr bid: not sure i have 'emotional energy to run': joseph r. biden said thursday night he would... httpaddr	neutral
the elizabeth warren test: why joe biden's presidential run may be over before it begins httpaddr topc topc	neutral
biden: presidential bid depends on what's best for family: washington, sep numbr (efe).- u.s. vice president joe biden said the most rele...	neutral
joe biden came to miami on wednesday and sounded at times like a politician with another campaign in him httpaddr	positive
joe biden and debbie wasserman schultz gush with praise for each other - sun sentinel httpaddr	positive
joe biden: here's my thinking on the numbr race httpaddr c'mon joe! run! we need the laughs.	neutral
vice president joe biden gave his most striking and somber answer yet on thursday about whether he plans to run... httpaddr	positive
new: joe biden may not announce a decision on numbr race until well into the fall. httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
joe biden: run for presidency dependent on my 'emotional energy'   he want us to clap for him or something? httpaddr	neutral
atlanta (reuters) - u.s. vice president joe biden said on thursday he is still trying to determine whether he has the emotional energy to	neutral
by john whitesides miami, fla, sept numbr (reuters) - when you are joe biden, it's not easy being quiet. while the normally loquacious vice	neutral
isbpl: topc joe biden's wife may share his misgivings about another race: jill biden campaigned actively for ... httpaddr	negative
topc - topc yuck factor joe biden is actually the missing numbrth dwarf-gropy. httpaddr	negative
joe biden's wife may share his misgivings about another race - the times of india httpaddr	neutral
"joe biden may not have the ""emotional energy"" to run for prez but no problem with the energy level necessary for vp job? topc twitteraddr"	negative
but what's that off in the distant? is it a bird? is it a plane? no. it's joe biden! httpaddr	positive
live: biden speaks at pa labor day parade: following his speech, vice president joe biden will march with afl-... httpaddr	neutral
"joe biden on economy: 'something is wrong': vice president joe biden warned on monday that ""something is wrong"" with the american eco..."	negative
joe biden sat on his hands all this time never disagreeing with o.too late joe. u blew it.	negative
another democratic candidate entered the race on sunday, will vp joe biden follow suit?  httpaddr	positive
if joe biden runs for president, he can count on the kind of union workers he spoke to monday httpaddr	positive
joe biden may just be the answer to stoping the family entitlement in u.s. politics if martin o'malley doesn't succeed. run joe run!	positive
joe biden the molester really you want this guy teaching your children to be what touchy feely? httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr don't forget that vp joe biden may enter the numbr dem presidential race &amp; could beat her for the nomination!	positive
pittsburgh (reuters) - vice president joe biden on monday gave a glimpse of what a biden race for the democratic presidential nomination	neutral
twitteraddr funny how joe biden is in numbrnd in your poll, and he's not even running ! topc	neutral
twitteraddr topc topc jan numbr numbr some of the mcdonalds will offer a mcmorning joe biden	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr ooh - what's jurassic park. looking now... see you tomorrow!!	positive
this is starting to feel like less like a petting zoo &amp; more like jurassic park.  ~me at the strip club for lunch on a wednesday	negative
speaking of, they're showing jurassic park there saturday and what better way to end my last day in chattanooga honestly	positive
last night was the numbrrd time dreaming that i was in jurassic park man. best and scariest dreams of my damn life	positive
"start your weekend with a roar at special imax showings of ""jurassic park,"" opening tomorrow night! httpaddr"	positive
long day yesterday. started here at manawaiopuna falls. you may know them from jurassic park... topc topc httpaddr	neutral
i agree with all but jurassic park. i loved  all three. haven't seen the numbrth yet. httpaddr	positive
one of the summer's biggest questions: when did we start acting like jurassic park was an all time classic and not numbrnd tier spielberg?	negative
bush and clinton are running for their parties nomination. and jurassic park (world) is a hit at the box office. jays are in numbrst place	positive
well, it's gonna be about numbr tomorrow at twitteraddr we're gonna have to ride jurassic park a few times!	positive
if they made jurassic park today jesse eisenberg would probably play dr malcolm and i think he'd do well. have a good saturday	positive
lazy saturday afternoon, watching jurassic park (original). sure forgot a lot of the scenes. topc	positive
jurassic park may just be my favorite arrangement of all time. and john williams may just be my favorite composer of all time.	positive
tearing up watching jurassic park for the numbrst time in ages. remembering the awe of seeing it as a kid. sorry for all who got stuck w j world	neutral
no joke, but topc is that i read jurassic park in numbrrd grade and was thereafter obsessed with biology.	positive
watching jurassic park for the numbrth time love my saturday nights	neutral
what does one do when you're up late bored on a saturday night? watch jurassic park	neutral
never noticed how the theme music on sunday morning live sounds like the jurassic park theme. fits with all prehistoric views on this show	neutral
khakis and jurassic park shirt for tomorrow.  i'm gonna look hot on the first day of school. literally... we're experiencing a heat wave.	positive
"""what are you're top numbr movies?"" ""jurassic park, the lost world jurassic park, jurassic park numbr, jurassic world, jurassic park numbrth movie numbr"""	positive
twitteraddr you may recall the other day i said nothing could save your holiday after that t-shirt...jurassic park is the only thing that could	positive
come out wednesday evening as we finish off the cinema under the stars  season with jurassic park	positive
"navy band concert to feature music from ""jurassic park"" tomorrow night at the topc httpaddr httpaddr"	positive
twitteraddr girl i told you lets go thursday when it came out you want to see jurassic park and shit.	positive
going to go jurassic park tomorrow!!!! pretty excited lol the goal is to continue to find peace and it worked last time. so round numbr!!!	positive
tuesday movie nite i/t park! start w/ topc dinner then cross the street for jurassic park, numbr:numbr pm at numbrnd beach httpaddr	positive
come build some dino builds tomorrow evening at cinema under the stars! jurassic park twitteraddr httpaddr	positive
the imperial march or the jurassic park theme? which is better?	neutral
twitteraddr just saw the announcement from twitteraddr tomorrow's movie for topc is jurassic park.	neutral
new film series rewind! starts thursday, august numbr with jurassic park httpaddr twitteraddr httpaddr	positive
so i've found at least numbr different typos in jurassic park since i started reading it. c'mon how long has this book been out?	negative
twitteraddr setting it up now, gonna finally watch my jurassic park blu ray that's sat there all alone for over a week hahaha	positive
hopefully i work an early shift september numbrth would love to go to watch the jurassic park quote a long	neutral
twitteraddr what about wicked or a musical or jurassic park (i can see if that may be hard) keep up the great work! :)	positive
when i get married, i want to walk down the aisle with the jurassic park theme song playing instead of the wedding march	positive
guys it's my birthday on monday can someone buy me some of that jurassic park animated tv show concept art, only $numbr httpaddr	positive
im so bored i dont want to watch jurassic park for the hundredth time, i just want it to fucking be sunday already..	negative
"our final imax throwback weekend of the summer kicks off tomorrow with special screenings of ""jurassic park."" httpaddr"	positive
lay in bed watching jurassic park with henry whilst twitteraddr sorts her stuff for going out tomorrow topc topc	positive
franzen: i will bring back the dinosaurs so i may study them. editor: how about you watch jurassic park? franzen: okay!! topc	positive
woke up and finished making meals for the day. now watching jurassic park on tv. couldn't ask for a better start to sunday.	positive
look for the jurassic park suv near the camarillo air show on sunday for special discounted passes to cnumbr. get... httpaddr	positive
thank you everybody who joined us for our trip to jurassic park and amity tonight! we'll see you next saturday... httpaddr	positive
for everyone who lusted after my jurassic park jacket, the original print its from is here httpaddr	positive
ended my numbrst fringe experience with twitteraddr jurassic park! thank you for a wonderful show, absolutely brilliant!	positive
[humanicators] free outdoor screening of jurassic park on the east campus quad - this wed. at numbrpm httpaddr	positive
thurs, aug numbr at numbrpm! our new series topc kicks off with jurassic park + after party httpaddr httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr jurassic park, i just saw the friday movies a few months ago, pitch perfect, fight club, the matrix, lotr..	neutral
jurassic park collection with all the numbr movies!  coming out in italy october numbrth httpaddr httpaddr	positive
sitting here watching jurassic park: the lost world and remembering why the numbrst one is my favorite. topc	negative
can't wait to see you beautiful people twitteraddr at the extra show of jurassic park thurs numbrth numbrpm topc xx	positive
twitteraddr maybe if they make a numbrrd one and it will be the last one like the jurassic park movies, then yes	positive
twitteraddr well it may be jarring. even playing the walking dead, back the future, got and jurassic park games by them i found tftbl jarring.	positive
stomach sounds like a jurassic park movie &amp; i realize i've had about numbr calories today. keep this up and i may actually lose weight!	positive
still haven't seen it yet! i love jurassic park so much too man. httpaddr	positive
thanks twitteraddr jurassic park is gonna roar this saturday night with twitteraddr &amp; tasty food trucks! httpaddr	positive
happy numbrth birthday to our topc library! free outdoor movie jurassic park tonight at numbrpm httpaddr httpaddr	positive
tomorrow i'm gunna be in the jurassic  park theme so much no one will recognize me	positive
host fam just agreed to watch jurassic park with me tomorrow night. they've never seen it.  and i'm definitely going to heaven for this.	positive
"hey dad what should i wear for jurassic park day tomorrow? ""just put your arms in your shirt and walk around like a t-rex"""	positive
catch a jurassic double bill on sun numbrth twitteraddr with jurassic park and jurassic world! httpaddr	positive
i've listened to the ksu clarinet choir recording of the jurassic park theme numbr times today. currently listening to it for a numbrth time.	positive
this time i'm with my brother who may be even more obsessed with the jurassic park franchise than i am.	positive
someone see jurassic park with me tomorrow	neutral
jurassic world: this numbrth jurassic park film shows that a movie doesn't need great characters if the dinosaur scenes in it are super awesome	positive
twitteraddr looks like we crossed paths, i saw jurassic park at assembly roxy on thursday. back home now, with sore laugh muscles.	positive
took son to see jurassic park when he was numbr, we saw topc at same theater numbr years later. a special moment  httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr .... movies that i also love. but the numbrst  jurassic park  is a true masterpiece in my opion!!!!  sincerely david h. taylor	positive
now we finally get to correct the mistakes of jurassic park  httpaddr	neutral
i want a slow sunday consisting of snuggles and cuddles and jurassic park.	positive
first day of senior year tomorrow...im gonna wear my jurassic park shirt	positive
twitteraddr i really love the numbrnd jurassic park and mummy movies!	positive
lol my physics professor's numbrst job out of college was working on the dinosaurs in jurassic park nbd	positive
i think tomorrow while the servers are down that i will have myself a jurassic park marathon. :d	positive
but if i wear my jurassic world shirt then i'll be wearing a jurassic park shirt on friday (it's red for pep rally)	neutral
they're making a numbrth jurassic park. if this continues, eventually we'll all get what we really want. dinosaurs in space.	neutral
throwback thursday shots. first trip to jurassic park as brian skoyles guest and he has one. now i take my friends.. httpaddr	positive
i'm all for exploring but this look like the island from jurassic park lll i may have to skip  httpaddr	negative
between jurassic park, toy story numbr and space jam, wayne knight may be the greatest screen villain of all time	positive
jurassic park is screening at the actors playhouse this weekend for free... httpaddr	positive
jurassic park is back! new trailer for the numbrth movie, jurassic world - httpaddr	positive
looks like i'm going back in time tomorrow.... jurassic park style....	positive
jurassic park on tv saturday morning... it's going to be a good day! twitteraddr twitteraddr topc topc	positive
fuck a saturday class i just wanna go home and play with our squirrel and watch jurassic park	negative
twitteraddr had to tell you that i'm seeing the cleveland orchestra tomorrow and i'm so excited to hear music from jurassic park!	positive
i'm freezing my butt off at the drive ins to watch jurassic park for the numbrrd time	neutral
i think i'm gonna wear leggings tomorrow with my jurassic park shirt pls send clothing advice	positive
i'm sitting at home on a saturday night watching jurassic park and i'm totally content with it.	positive
watching jurassic park for the first time!! happy saturday !	positive
eating spaghetti and watching jurassic park on my saturday night. not even mad about it. great movie great food.	positive
i know this is a throw back but i loved you in jurassic park! twitteraddr if they do a numbrth one you should be in it!	positive
gonna be honest about my saturday night, but it's almost numbr am and i'm watching jurassic park.	neutral
just got home from watching frozen at movies in the canyon! great night, great movie! next friday it's jurassic park! httpaddr	positive
fuck me i took so long to watch jurassic park and kept pausing it and then i sat on the remote and it changed channels and now its live tv	negative
jurassic park for the numbrrd time today wow how sad is that?	neutral
guys video should be up at numbr:numbr pm its the numbrnd part of jurassic park but its only a numbr min video its a funny momments montage	positive
i'm wearing my jurassic park shirt tomorrow which means you're all going to here fun facts and you will love it.	positive
finishing jurassic park for like the numbrth time tomorrow. film class is gonna have a lot of reruns for me. all the batman films, star wars..	neutral
"""i feel like i'm the star of jurassic park... because tomorrow i'm going to be extinct"" -my brother"	positive
check this out from the bro twitteraddr actor from jurassic park  httpaddr	positive
watching it the numbrnd time i realized the tech communications guy in jurassic world was nick miller from new girl	positive
i just want tomorrow to be here so i can see jurassic world again	neutral
stayed up late to watch jurassic world and i just remembered i have a football match tomorrow morning :/	negative
i have the worst urge to watch jurassic world for the numbrth time in theaters someone make it stop	negative
we tried to watch jurassic world and watched like an numbrth and the internet died on us :(	negative
jurassic world on wednesday!  we finally get to see it here in japan.	positive
good morning chaps.   if claire can make it all the way through jurassic world in heels, i can make it through monday.	positive
i'm so curious about how they're gonna make jurassic world into a numbrnd movie	positive
"""i need to go to sleep now because i have to get up early tomorrow morning"" i say as i begin to watch jurassic world for the hundreth time"	positive
jurassic world now is the numbrrd most grossed film! nice!	positive
twitteraddr you should see jurassic world. it was really great in my opinion. i saw it twice and may see it a third time.	positive
who all is coming to watch jurassic world with us on august numbr? it will bring on the nsuba lawn. bring all friends and family! topc	positive
"just been to see jurassic world for the numbrnd time, accompanied by little brother. he went, ""you're chris pratt... but with flamingos!"" topc"	positive
last day to see jurassic world tomorrow and i kinda wanna see it i mean it is ty's birthday so it makes sense to go again	positive
might see jurassic world again tomorrow. it's the last day to see it and it's ty's birthday so..	positive
watched jurassic world for the numbrth and last time. like the first time again. thank you again for making another jp. httpaddr	positive
sat through jurassic world w/ a screaming baby in my ear + a numbr year old climbing up the back of my chair. ruined my experience twitteraddr	negative
did anybody notice jurassic world is currently the numbrrd highest grossing film in domestic box office history? damn...	positive
twitteraddr yes cheers joel, thanks for your help. tickets ordered, we will get to see jurassic world before the kids return on sunday!	positive
science behind the movie: dinosaur dna extraction in jurassic world may be more fiction than fact. httpaddr topc	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr tru....i may still need to glance it...because jurassic world straight sucked	negative
i finally get to go see jurassic world tomorrow at numbr:numbr i'm so excited i'll tell you guys how it went i'm so excited yaay	positive
so i need someone to see jurassic world with tomorrow.. any takers?	positive
"""what'd you do friday afternoon/night?""  me: nothing just watched jurassic world twice"	positive
twitteraddr i almost got to see it thursday but we decided on jurassic world. next time.	positive
bought tickets for fantastic four, instead watched jurassic world for the numbrrd time.	positive
i just watched jurassic world for the numbrrd time, it was so good!!	positive
i want to play rock band numbr in anticipation of jurassic world on friday.	positive
"at no.numbr is ""jurassic world"" numbrth installment of the jurassic park series, directed by colin trevorrow topc httpaddr"	neutral
we are endorsing the film jurassic world. see you on the lawn at the lumina theater this friday and saturday! httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr but on the plus side...this: jurassic world's chris pratt: equality means objectifying men too httpaddr	neutral
watch jurassic world on august numbr right here at the park with twitteraddr httpaddr topc httpaddr	neutral
our holiday matinee continues tomorrow with jurassic world at numbrpm, through the week. httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
watching jurassic world for literally the numbrth time. because chris pratt.	positive
for those who didn't see jurassic world in the big screen yet, it's coming out in imax numbr-d on august numbrth for a week.	positive
"""jurassic world will be rerelease to theaters in imax on august numbrth"" oh. can you withdraw the money automatically or???"	positive
don't waste $$$ on an unnecessary textbook when you could spend that money to see jurassic world for an numbrth time	positive
topc call in tomorrow. call in- no, goddammit i don't want to know who wrote jurassic world, call in tomorrow. tomo-	neutral
"""the only way to make jurassic world safe is to stop genetically modifying dino dna."" - i may have drifted off. topc"	neutral
off to see jurassic world tomorrow at the cinema, any good?? twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive
might have something to do with jurassic world having the numbrrd biggest box office takings of all time.	positive
next friday is our topc with jurassic world! bring the fam! we have fun games to play and popcorn! httpaddr	positive
gonna watch jurassic world again in friday because, as much as it's a turn your brain off kinda flick, it is quite fun! topc	positive
twitteraddr wow, i thought jurassic world was just the numbrth movie, and it just came out	positive
going to see jurassic world late tomorrow night! it will be worth it!!	positive
best movie of the year next to jurassic world httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr plus i may have hurt the feelings of jurassic world's director! httpaddr	negative
harry potter marathon w/ twitteraddr &amp; twitteraddr = watching the numbrst one, then straight to the numbrth one, then jurassic world hahaha	positive
twitteraddr you may have seen them: mad max, jurassic world, predestination, area numbr, ex machina, kingsmen, what we do in the shadows, ...	neutral
i'm gonna watch jurassic world again for the numbrth time	positive
i would go and see jurassic world in the cinema tomorrow as it's the last time they are showing it, but my friends don't like it	neutral
twitteraddr hi, when will you have show times for jurassic world (numbrd)? excited about aug numbrth!	positive
depending on what you thought of jurassic world, you may or may not like this kong: skull island news httpaddr	neutral
jurassic world was excellent the only way it could have been better is if twitteraddr was karen &amp; claire's numbrrd sister httpaddr	positive
the last scene of jurassic world may be one of the best scenes ever	positive
twitteraddr well his belief that jurassic world is the numbrnd best film of the year pretty much proved that	positive
still unbelievable that jurassic world is the numbrrd highest grossing movie ever	neutral
the vine of chris pratt on the set of jurassic world makes me happy, even if i saw it way back in may....	positive
i just saw a commercial that said jurassic world opens friday, am i missing something here?	neutral
don't miss out on the free showing of the summer hit, jurassic world, tomorrow, wednesday in cc numbr at numbr:numbrp.m. topc httpaddr	positive
still can't get over the fact gordon and i went to see jurassic world for the numbrnd time after he forgot he saw it and i forgot i went w him	neutral
jurassic world is back in twitteraddr theaters for one week starting friday! who's going?!	positive
twitteraddr i kinda liked the numbrrd one...my grandson loves them all. we've been to jurassic world movie numbr times.	positive
jurassic world is coming back to theaters this friday.   i might need to see it again	positive
someone go see jurassic world with me tomorrow. you pick the time. going to colonnade. httpaddr	positive
chris pratt would go to topc tonight and watch jurassic world tomorrow night! wwcpd? httpaddr	positive
orientation may be coming to an end, but the semester is only beginning! start it off with jurassic world at numbrpm! httpaddr	positive
okay, so anyone going to come see jurassic world with me in imax? httpaddr	positive
tomorrow at numbr:numbrpm is the bulldog welcome at top taggart! afterwards relax and watch the free screening of jurassic world topc	positive
jurassic world is back in theatres? i think i should probably go for the numbrth time then!!!	positive
i just got paid this week. tomorrow, jurassic world is back in theaters in imax for one week. coincidence? i think not.	positive
the day i went to watch jurassic world which was the numbrth of june so the next day of the release i got a call saying my aunt was pregnant ++	positive
friday in topc midway rides then jurassic world outside on the big screen! httpaddr httpaddr	positive
jurassic world is back in imax... hmmm, see it tonight or tomorrow?... or both?	positive
i just saw jurassic world for the numbrth time in theaters and yes it was worth every penny	positive
i wanna go see jurassic world for the numbrrd time in imax...	positive
tonight we see jurassic world for the numbrth time. record maybe? httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr i may have mentioned that i had just came back from jurassic world and was sleepy when tling. i can't recall my thoughts.	neutral
"twitteraddr i was going to rib you for this, then i remembered my top ten still has ""jurassic world"" and i sat down."	positive
playing jurassic world while waiting to watch jurassic world for the numbrrd time topc	positive
twitteraddr yeah i loved the numbrst film and book. was disappointed with jurassic world (but i seem to be in a minority)	negative
thank you all that came out and enjoyed jurassic world on friday! we would love to see your pics from friday! topc topc	positive
going to see jurassic world for the numbrth time, but this time with my dad	positive
twitteraddr i just saw jurassic world for the numbrrd time i hope you honor my commitment	positive
just saw jurassic world again for the numbrth time, i love this movie and i can't wait to buy it	positive
omg thursday is the last day to see jurassic world in imax numbrd and i don't know what i'm gonna do but i'm gonna carve out some time to go	positive
jurassic world will be shown in the cac theater tomorrow at numbrpm! students get in free - only $numbr for anyone else! httpaddr	positive
tomorrow: jurassic world numbrpm on the green with popcorn and ice cream sundaes! topc httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr tomorrow i'm going to watch it for the numbrth time! guess there is very much love for jurassic world!	positive
pizza for dinner and watching jurassic world. pretty good way to spend a friday night if you ask me	positive
props to twitteraddr for an awesome screen on the green event with jurassic world! great turnout on a friday!!	positive
all i want for my birthday tomorrow is to go see jurassic world again. that's literally the only thing i want.	positive
psa: i'm dressing up as lowery from jurassic world on movie monday for spirit week, so nobody steal my idea please and thank you	positive
i'm taking my grandma to see jurassic world on monday since she pussed out on seeing it any time before	positive
just saw jurassic world for the numbrrd time in theaters lol no regrets	positive
be sure to come out to the joe tomorrow night twitteraddr to watch jurassic world on the jumbotron! twitteraddr	positive
don't miss seeing jurassic world on the jumbotron (@ the joe) tomorrow at numbrpm. free food will be provided!	positive
watching jurassic world for like the numbrth time &amp; i still regret nothing	positive
check out jurassic world at numbrpm wednesday in the auditorium! come show the raptors who's the alpha! topc httpaddr	positive
somebody come with me to see jurassic world tomorrow @ byrd	positive
justin's only the numbrrd ever to begin at topc in the hot numbr's numbr-year history, he's also the youngest male to debut topc httpaddr	positive
on thurs im gonna walk out of school and take the train the today show and meet justin sorry mom	positive
very proud of justin and all he's accomplished with what do you mean so far, november numbr is getting close!!	positive
topc topc tuesday rafe with roman thinks too easy. justin says to arrest chad what the hold up and shouts at rafe	neutral
justin's playing in nyc on the today show on thursday i think. i should ask to go	positive
we are your friends had the numbrth worst opening in history. from justin to kelly had the numbrst topc	neutral
"did justin ever just sat there and thought: ""oh...i'm really talented"""	positive
topc topc tuesday hope has to pick up ciara. rafe wants a real case not just publicity like justin	neutral
that moment when you live in nyc but you're at college in pa when justin's performing there on thursday fuck me man httpaddr	neutral
justin's album comin out november numbrth retweet if you can't wait topc	positive
justin was the numbrrd person i tried getting today show fan passes for and didn't get i have no luck lol	neutral
twitteraddr hey there justin, may i know which console you're trying to play on? ^ey	positive
please make sure safety is numbrst that day. justin will have a huge turn out so please dont let him get mobbed/injured. httpaddr	neutral
just realized saturday made numbr years since the first time i ever saw justin httpaddr	positive
justin at the d&amp;g fashion party in new york, september numbrth numbr (numbr) httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr justin, may god's hope and peace be with u. pray and ask god for his guidance and help u with selena. god bless!	positive
i really hope my mom takes me thursday i could maybe reunite with justin ahhhh	positive
it took justin numbr years into his career to get his first topc and it took gaga numbr months into her career to get her numbrst. httpaddr	neutral
i'm so happy to see that justin got his numbrst number on billboard after all he has gone through.	positive
twitteraddr  u flaze now i'll just go friday with justin	neutral
twitteraddr are you still giving away tickets to see justin on thursday ?	positive
wiz is the only thing playing today. sorry justin, you are going to have to wait until tomorrow.	neutral
justin has been my bitch since the numbrth grade	negative
the video to justin biebers what do you mean is so hot nd i'm sat here swearing like a pedo in a park lol saucy	positive
i hope justin's concert thursday gets cancelled bc of the thunder storm thats supposed to happen	negative
i just wanna say i'm so happy &amp; proud that justin got his numbrst topc debut	positive
everyone give my good friend twitteraddr a follow - he's interviewing justin tomorrow!	positive
november numbrth is gonna be a great day bc we're finally gonna hear the masterpiece that justin created	positive
now i'm going to sleep in italy and already night so i go to bed and tomorrow morning i want to see justin is following you twitteraddr	positive
who wants to go see justin with me on friday ?	neutral
twitteraddr justin's girl, lost the baby!she was due the numbrth... and then placenta had burst inside of her, and the baby wasn't receiving air	negative
go follow this guys twitteraddr he's going to interview justin tomorrow !	positive
"when justin tweeted ""studio work"" everyone was just slowly dying waiting for november numbr"	positive
well done twitteraddr and great job with justin winning the numbrs doubles. httpaddr	positive
justin just made his comeback &amp; released his numbrst single and he's already snatching everyone's weaves:') he's the king of the music industry.	positive
i don't see why justin thinks it's okay to work tuesday's.. it's fall were supposed to get $numbr burgers at bar louie and blackout	negative
justin is the first canadian &amp; youngest artist &amp; also numbrth male artist to debut at topc on billboard hot numbr he's numbr &amp; already a living legend	positive
good luck to twitteraddr for his interview with justin tomorrow! you will nail it! i'll be watching out from india x :)	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr  right then....you here thursday with justin?	neutral
i have the most amazing dreams... i was at the gym doing lungnsquats!  justin woke me up on my numbrrd set-.- lmao	positive
friends! come out this friday numbr/numbr as justin takes the stage for a super fun and charitable event... click below!  httpaddr	positive
eddie lacy and also definitely take justin forsett if he's available in the third round along with devantae adams if he's there in the numbrth.	neutral
finished my drawing of justin. can't wait to head to the today show tomorrow! topc httpaddr	positive
justin will be on ellen on the numbrth of sept. he's not going to be on the premiere week, (according to ellens site) httpaddr	positive
lake james was dope on sunday even with justin	neutral
im hyperventilating about tomorrow with justin and ellen i dont think im gonna be able to sleep tomorrow i think it gonna be the best bday	positive
"i still cry over that ""follows you"" on justin's profile. numbr/numbr/numbr my babe followed. &amp; tomorrow will be two years since ari followed me"	neutral
wow i guessed it right that justin was gonna be on ellen on the numbrth. i was gonna get tickets but i didn't know it was gonna be in ny	positive
september numbr: [more] justin spotted out and about in new york... httpaddr	neutral
mansbridge destroyed justin tonite the polls for the lib's should tank tomorrow! wake up people he is not ready!!	neutral
omg can next tuesday come already i want to see justin	positive
mansbridge interview with trudeau may not have been a classic but i did find justin believable. and i dont feel like i need a shower topc	neutral
twitteraddr i'll share numbrst. i don't care for c-lud because of her weird crush on justin and how sorority girl she comes across. ur turn!	negative
twitteraddr justin, i think you got that backwards. see my sep numbr post on obamanomics outpacing daugaardonomics: httpaddr	negative
justin is lost in the numbrst minute. no experience topc	negative
so i'm mostly likely going to see justin on thursday and i feel like i'm gonna throw up cause i'm so nervous. i'm not meeting him tho :(	neutral
"twitteraddr ""what's numbrst thing you're going to do for economy"" justin ""call premiers meeting to go to paris to fight global warming"" omg"	neutral
"justin numbrst leader signed commitment from all mps on denying right to life (numbr% canadians) how's it ""giving mps more say""? twitteraddr"	neutral
get out my mentions. you not gonna have justin beating my ass like i'm darius foh httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr oh its okay i can just use the jet daddy has on the roof of our mansion got a date with justin in london after school tomorrow!	positive
video: september numbr: video of justin meetings and talking with fans in new york, nyc. httpaddr	neutral
people are suddenly starting to want justin &amp; ariana together &amp; i've been waiting on them since they sat in a circle on set of victorious	positive
twitteraddr do you know where justin is gonna be tomorrow for the interviews?	neutral
i was numbr turning numbr in the numbrth grade when i started to support justin. now im a freshman in highschool still loving him to this day time flies	positive
i'm going to fight justin tomorrow during lunch idc idc dc	negative
wed: sher pk-fort sask rolls into the  rally for change with justin...real experience + a real plan = real change. it can get better...	positive
twitteraddr i hope all is fantastic for you, where ever you may be!!!! =d with that, much love to you justin, all your friends	positive
twitteraddr for the numbrth time ur going to justin coco corral lol	positive
twitteraddr is justin going to perform with you on friday in la again?	neutral
you're all getting ready for your first day of school while i'm packing up to sleep outside for justin's show thursday morning	positive
"when the *nsync account tweets ""tomorrow night they're together again,"" i want the ""they're"" to be *nsync.  not justin and jimmy."	negative
"okay the ""what do you mean song""  by justin beiber is good. enjoy this tweet myro it's going to he gone tomorrow twitteraddr"	positive
justin once more waited for ellen to take her seat before he sat himself oh my baby	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr justin is a good guy right at the start. good guys always win in the end. justin, i support u and may god guide u	positive
video of justin at a night club in new york city tonight. (september numbr) httpaddr	neutral
i'm about to revoke justin's black card if he keeps dancing this ugly &amp; hanging out with travis  httpaddr	neutral
if im in the club, i'll put my phone away &amp; have fun, dance like mad with justin. unfortunately im not legal yet lol httpaddr	positive
i thought he was justin was going to kiss him lord hahaha httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr you better attend justin's performance for the today show its on thursday	positive
september numbr: justin on the set of ellen in new york.topc topc topc topc httpaddr	positive
justin has confirmed saturday will come 'too soon' for twitteraddr so the john egan twitteraddr partnership may be rekindled. topc topc	neutral
probably going to complain another numbr times today about how justin performs on the today show tomorrow when i start school	negative
twitteraddr sorry you had that weird disturbance on sunday. i'm the random guy that helped out. please give my thanks to justin.	neutral
i need justin &amp; dakota to take a pic together when they are both on the today show tomorrow	positive
i wanna party with justin and get really drunk then fuck like theres no tomorrow	positive
i need to see justin tomorrow at the today show but i can't skip class :(	negative
zayn and justin are both working in the studio. what if they're planning a secret collab? the world may never know! stay tuned . . .	positive
justin's gonna be on ellen on friday i'm so excited i love when he's there	positive
wish i was going to see justin perform tomorrow topc i wish i was american	positive
me: sorry professor.. i won't be in class tomorrow... i have an appointment  me, actually: goes to the today show to see justin	neutral
".twitteraddr so justin's ""solution"" is to help the rich so the rest of us may be able to afford to rent, not own, their properties?"	neutral
sorry professors, can't go to class tomorrow morning bc justin is on the today show. topc	neutral
your attempts to still drag justin flopped harder than your fave's career will flop after justin releases his album on november the numbrth.	neutral
justin topc justinbieber: who is coming tomorrow for the free show in nyc!?...: justinbieber: who is coming... httpaddr	positive
i'm actually about to try to convince my mom to let me see justin in new york tomorrow	positive
when you're about to not go to school to go see justin.  httpaddr	positive
what time is justin on the today show tomorrow	neutral
it's justin's funeral tomorrow, it was a pleasure to have known and worked with such a great racer. rip badass   httpaddr	negative
hey i was in angola indiana this passed sunday labor day weekend and i hard justin beibber was there	neutral
i really wish i didn't have work or school tomorrow bc i'd so be in the city to see justin right now fuck my life	negative
ready for juventus on sunday at the stadio olimpico. forza roma topc @ as roma store piazza colonna httpaddr	positive
lucian favre having numbrnd thoughts about gladbach qualifying for the champions league - juventus, man city and sevilla. group of death.	negative
city will come numbrrd in that group. sevilla will top it, juventus runners up	positive
best jerseys this season (not in order, can't choose the best) juventus (away) madrid (numbrrd kit) bayern (home)	positive
twitteraddr juventus on the numbrth? that's my birthday night sorted!	positive
sunday:  sevilla v a. madrid roma v juventus topc v topc monaco v psg  please don't disturb, i'll be watching football all day.	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr like juventus is big. but really thought one of the big numbr may have made a play with a loan	neutral
very interesting ucl group stage draw. topc should qualify numbrnd at the very least. lovely draw for man utd and juventus!! :d	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr man city, the group is tricky, juventus to top, sevilla n city will fight for numbrnd	positive
chelsea will pursue the signing of paul pogba from juventus until the transfer window closes on tuesday. (source: independent)	positive
group d looks pretty intense with borussia mon, juventus, man city &amp; sevilla!	positive
man city up against juventus and sevilla in the topc - do you think they have a chance? twitteraddr httpaddr	neutral
madrid, aug numbr (reuters) - sevilla have completed the signing of forward fernando llorente from juventus and the numbr-year-old former spain	neutral
no sign of pogba in the official juventus clubstore. (numbrrd kit promotion) httpaddr	neutral
juventus have sign cuadrado and presenting him like its the numbrnd coming of del piero. why? :o	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr i think it's impossible. juventus has just sold llorente, so zaza is needed as numbrth or numbrth striker on the bench.	positive
well rome is rather beautiful! can't wait to the roma - juventus game on sunday! httpaddr	positive
numbr years of italian serie a history produced a first for juventus on sunday: they lost at home on the opening day of the season	negative
juventus and schalke might reach an agreement soon, but it will most likely not be before tomorrow. intermediaries are still negotiating.	neutral
juventus could close the deal for draxler tonight or tomorrow. juve &amp; schalke will now talk about the method of payment. [di marzio]	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr yep, ucl clash with juventus too on numbrth sep. i wish agueroooooo's hat-trick today.	positive
juventus will lose to roma on sunday and will lift the scudetto come end of the season.	neutral
no pogba can't go to chelsea he needs to wait at juventus when his time comes he should go to barca or rm httpaddr	neutral
so jim white just said pogba could leave juventus before tuesday, get a bid in chelsea!!	neutral
forgot manchester united who come in numbrth with numbr.numbr million followers, juventus drop out of the top ten.	neutral
roma boss garcia demands more ahead of juventus clash: roma will attack juventus from the outset on monday (ae... httpaddr	neutral
in serie a tomorrow, roma vs juventus is the stand out game. here's our betting tips! - httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
betting sites tip the favor to roma tomorrow, who play against juventus.	neutral
httpaddr rudi garcia insists roma must come flying out of the blocks when they take on juventus tomorrow. topc twitteraddr	positive
chelsea are going to write a blank check to juventus for pogba tomorrow.	neutral
twitteraddr chelsea and liverpool lost now i hope milan wins and juventus lose tomorrow and it will be the perfect weekend	neutral
roma and juventus meet in a blockbuster serie a clash tomorrow and here's a look at the odds httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr roma play juventus tomorrow in rome. if you don't go then twitteraddr and i will never talk to you again.	neutral
milan derby just after the international break with juventus v roma tomorrow.	neutral
big day of sport tomorrow. united - swansea, roma - juventus, inter - carpi, and the big one, mayo - dublin.	positive
twitteraddr roma vs. juventus is at numbrpm and mon v psg at numbrpm (both uk times). locally, it's an hour ahead of those times in both countries.	positive
"juventus! ""twitteraddr roma v juventus kickoff topc sunday. who do you love?"""	positive
wolfsburg are on fire today! today they may be announcing the signing of draxler, praet who was also linked with juventus and dante!	positive
juventus may get draxler soon.asking numbr oscar won't make any sense. ramires pace wil add up for dem twitteraddr  httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr how much more? (to be clear i hate juventus) but this move doesn't make sense. they may offer numbr million to reach a deal so quickly	negative
sunday with the best leagues in europe! bet results.  roma - juventus httpaddr	positive
kingsley coman will have played for psg, juventus and bayern by the time he is numbr but may not have made his international debut. some feat.	neutral
the club denied on saturday that juventus had made an offer. heldt: because no offer had been made at the time of the statement.	neutral
consult a dr. if you will watch the numbrnd half of swansea vs manutd over roma vs juventus match @ numbr:numbr	negative
it's sunday and its a top game in the serie a with both topc and topc starting against juventus. i love it. httpaddr	positive
only going by the latest game stats but think i may have made a mistake backing juventus	negative
kingsley coman joins bayern on loan from juventus: matthias schmitt before the close of the transfer window on august numbrst, fc bayern...	neutral
as things stand, the bottom numbr in serie a are bologna (numbrth), empoli (numbrth); and juventus (numbrth).	negative
this is very bad for juventus. lose in the numbrst &amp; numbrnd gionarta? something wrong with formation i think.. miss pirlo, tevez &amp; vidal already :(	negative
juventus hopeless without their numbr key players and a poor transfer window. hope the cunts end up numbrth in the league.	negative
roma with an early season statement while juventus go to numbr points off numbr matches.  httpaddr	neutral
for the numbrst time in serie a history, juventus has lost their opening numbr games. roma numbr-numbr juventus -dr.cfc-	neutral
so with matches still to play in the round, the giallorossi move to numbrnd, almost certain to drop a few places. falling to numbrth are juventus!	neutral
digne and falque caused juventus real problems down their left in the numbrst half. topc topc	neutral
our performance was unreal today man, beating juventus numbr-numbr on the numbrnd game of the season is a massive motivational boost for the team.	positive
medical for mario lemina tomorrow at juventus. another one bites the dust topc  httpaddr	neutral
lol twitteraddr juventus in numbrth place in serie a.  hey twitteraddr we are numbrth if you wanna join a better team	neutral
juventus had two men sent off as their dismal start to defending their serie a title continued with defeat at roma on sunday.	negative
roma stun juve as chievo crush lazio - milan (afp) - juventus's early season woes continued on sunday with a numbr-numbr d... httpaddr	neutral
juventus' heatmap in the numbrst and numbrnd half. httpaddr	neutral
roma edge juventus, united taste defeat: the headline game in italy went roma's way on a busy sunday for the g... httpaddr	neutral
i will undergo my medical for juventus tomorrow, i can play trequartista and cam, both at the same time.	positive
juventus midfielder paul pogba is ready to snub chelsea and wait for a mega-deal at the end of the season. (the sun) topc topc	neutral
de rossi believes juventus may struggle to cope this season as he does not think they have adequately replaced tevez, pirlo or vidal	negative
chelsea and juventus in pogba talks: now with the transfer window set to close tomorrow, at numbr:numbr hours, ... httpaddr topc	neutral
juventus has lost the first two matches of the serie a season. perspective: they picked up their second loss of last season on april numbr	neutral
if draxler news is true, juventus has been humiliated this transfer window. may be leaving without the trequartista they need and numbr-numbr.	negative
roma (twitteraddr defeat juventus (twitteraddr numbr-numbr and gives them their numbrnd straight loss of the season.	neutral
twitteraddr milan, in my opinion, have only the numbrth best squad, after inter, roma, juventus, lazio, napoli and fiorentina.	neutral
twitteraddr inter may have a chance this season with juventus sucking the big one so far!	neutral
and it's gonna happen. international break combined with transfer door just closing? juventus prepare january assault for gotze!	neutral
juventus sign inter midfielder harnanes: turin, sep numbr : italian football champions juventus have bolstered the... httpaddr	neutral
milan, aug numbr (reuters) - after losing only three league games last season juventus have now lost the first two of the new campaign as a	neutral
arsenal couldnt get the numbrth choice striker juventus had  this is arsene wenger	neutral
goal hernanes: juventus still the team to beat in italy &amp; europe: the bianconeri may have lost their first two... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr numbrth. juventus and milan conclude the top numbr.	positive
dybala leading juventus' new-look attack and living up to the hype: inter milan's hernanes and marseille's mar... httpaddr	positive
chelsea football club may have numbr players out on loan but the number of juventus loanees dwarfs that number... httpaddr	neutral
scirea: leader, champion, gentleman. juventus celebrates the life of a true great on the numbrth anniversary of his... httpaddr	positive
chelsea may have numbr out on loan; wait till you see what's going on at juventus httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr if our squad is more expensive that juventus and bayern and still placing numbrth maybe the committee needs to go now..	neutral
with that squad and the current good start they have had compared to the woes at juventus they can and may win it...	neutral
arsenal consider january bid for juventus' simone zaza after failed deadline day talks, according to the guardian httpaddr	neutral
arsenal to make improved bid for juventus striker ... httpaddr	positive
top of the league, chievo, will face bottom of the league, juventus, next saturday.  someone pinch me.	positive
juan cuadrado arrives at juventus with a point to prove like carlos tevez, insists general manager beppe mar topc httpaddr	neutral
berlin, aug numbr (reuters) - manchester city made it four wins in a row this season in the premier league while italy's juventus recorded	positive
juventus midfielder paul pogba is still preparing himself for a departure with chelsea and man city keeping tabs on the frenchman [sun]	neutral
refugees seems to be the hot topic atm. but juventus has been involved in humanity for several years. constantly. httpaddr	neutral
i'm in topc next tuesday and wanted to know if anywhere will show the champions league game of topc vs juventus?	neutral
arsenal have once again been linked with a january move for juventus forward, simone zaza. topc topc topc	neutral
twitteraddr you will be receiving a new seasoncard, your juventus ticket may be paper ticket that is sent to you.	neutral
there's a juventus party tonight and you're all invited! happy numbrth birthday,topc topc topc httpaddr	positive
both hernanes and alex sandro are expected to start and make their juventus debuts on saturday. (via gds)	positive
juventus on tuesday, come one the boys!! topc	positive
arsenal transfer news: gunners ready to sign simone zaza in january with juventus open to sale ...: arsenal lo... httpaddr	positive
topc and topc have been told striker simone zaza can leave juventus in january for the right price (fichajes) httpaddr	neutral
juventus are ready to let simone zaza go in january, with arsenal interested in the numbr-year-old striker. fichajes - in spanish	neutral
twitteraddr any news on tickets for the eds v juventus game next tues please?	positive
twitteraddr are you showing the juventus game this saturday at numbr:numbrpm et?	neutral
twitteraddr long may it continue kerry.take the wains to school then going a cycle.doing that twitteraddr on sunday so need practice xx	positive
so is it written in the stars that mayo will lose saturday and dublin will lose final to kerry? httpaddr topc topc	neutral
we will have the lovely kerry from actiderm here on friday morning to showcase some of her fabulous products... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr what was the reason u did  not ask questions in the kerry interview  sat in silence when u speak it is only to mock the right	negative
excellent piece from sec. kerry and and british fm philip hammond on the role of women in peace and security: httpaddr	positive
"numbr/numbr kerry said wed. ""because if you don't have this agreement, iran has already made clear what its direction is."" democrats won't stop them"	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr well, isis is changing the climate everywhere they go so kerry may be right for the numbrst time.	neutral
"twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr is the numbrnd secret ""side deal"" for iranian palaces for o &amp; kerry?"	neutral
kerry: topc agreement not a panacea for the sectarian &amp; extremist violence ripping region apart.  but history may judge it a turning point	neutral
"""people will accept ur ideas much more readily if u tell them benjamin franklin said it numbrst."" [dcomins] || which is y kerry just quoted him."	positive
gp if secretary kerry's convinced the iran deal will prevent iran from getting nukes, will he move to israel? httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr iran may regret it. but only if it happens under a gop president after obama and kerry are gone.	negative
kerry hopeful israeli-palestinian talks can be relaunched: us secretary of state john kerry said wednesday he ... httpaddr	positive
obama's agenda was numbr destroy american exceptionalism &amp; kerry is just dumb. what language does iran speak? we may need numbr learn it topc topc	negative
congrats to my wife kerry. her published novel, just a drop of water, is celebrating it's numbrst b-day.  check it out. httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr never have, never will; scumbag mbh lowlife pos maybe, but never pres. i hope the numbrst iran nuke hits him &amp; kerry.	negative
"having topc on abt topc a fail twitteraddr . kerry wrote deal,explains it, and pawlenty's numbrst response ""if u accept his math.."" topc ?"	neutral
will probably make a scrapbook of kerry's snapchats from monday-friday in the near future	neutral
me and kerry have somehow got to get away with leaving the hotel tomorrow with a snapped bed, no cutlery and broken curtains	neutral
babysitting numbr kids tomorrow night with kerry! it's gonna be hectic	positive
trump reiterates hillary clinton is worst sec state ever but kerry may take the title over iran deal	neutral
these are awesome! kerry, how much fun did you have at his photo shoot? httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr lit my mum 'kerry the louboutins i wonder how many willam owns!!! look kerry warner wednesday!'	positive
twitteraddr okay kerry! sorry i'm not going to see you at the numbrpm news. i'm at work but i see you tomorrow morning. have a great night.	positive
twitteraddr yes they do &amp; its sad that kerry being the numbrst aa woman in numbr yrs to b lead on a show was reduced to a guest star on her on show	negative
the chinese are very concerned about kerry's remarks. they will probably ask fiji for military assistance.... httpaddr	neutral
"twitteraddr "" good morning kerry! happy friday! wishing you a safe and awesome labor day weekend!"	positive
twitteraddr morning kerry it's bill. happy friday wish i could have seen your outfit although i like your dress and heels from last night	positive
news: kerry says us may set up refugee camp structures to help with syria crisis httpaddr	neutral
"no, sam. the ""we"" in kerry's statement is unhcr, not the us government. important distinction.  httpaddr"	negative
kerry wrote a freaking book! read all about it.  httpaddr	positive
updated!! labor day weekend schedule:  foxboro: -saturday: numbr:numbr-numbr:numbram heated flow with kerry -sunday: numbr-numbr:numbram... httpaddr	neutral
so excited to see kerry when she comes back off holiday tomorrow	positive
best of luck to the kerry minors tomorrow , going for numbr in a row, would be a great achievement that shouldn't be overshadowed by football!	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr their release should have been demanded before kerry ever sat down at the table.	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr topc and kerry and tony's little dance so cute and the cast is fab... looking forward to thursday's telly!!	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr kerry the judgement of g-d upon yr black conscience is going to be no myth may it be swift. selah	neutral
twitteraddr have kerry ever gone down this road, dara sat out a semi, and donaghy didn't appeal a red from the cork game when lynch did?	positive
bluestone luke still looking strong as kerry drops down the enormous step at the leaf pit and pops through the sun	positive
twitteraddr the sun is out in limerick and most definitely shining in kerry. we almost in ballybunion. actual blue sky	positive
minor hurling final (numbrst,numbrm) kerry numbr-numbr roscommon numbr-numbr topc kerry  off  the  mark	neutral
topc topc lovekerryknumbr: atomickofficial tomorrow is kerry's birthday, do you wanna make a surprise for her?? lol	positive
i still need to know james's birthday, for the sun sign analasys, im guessing second deacon virgo, shy, not like kerry, surprise me	neutral
kerry: russia has lied about its activities in ukraine: secretary of state john kerry said tuesday that ...  (fox)	neutral
never been a kerry fan but may they hammer numbr shites into dublin and wipe the smile off their smug little faces!	negative
kerry will play dublin in the all-ireland senior football championship final on sunday september numbrth at numbr:numbrpm in croke park.	positive
dublin go onto play kerry in the all ireland football final on sept numbrth	neutral
kerry is in the last row numbrrd from the right, ellen is numbr row numbrnd from the left  viola is numbrnd row numbrrd from the left  httpaddr	neutral
mayo fan today and a kerry fan on the numbrth..just once those cunts are beat !!	neutral
topc it is!!  make sure to support the kerry team with our great fundraiser this friday!  topc  happy saturday!	positive
twitteraddr navy it is so! kerry is wed-fri. i'll be sending an sos have no fear ;twitteraddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr happy birthday kerry...have a great day tomorrow....x	positive
twitteraddr happy birthday for tomorrow kerry,soo proud of how you've turned your life around,have a fab day xx	positive
what's your elephant in the room?  mikaela &amp; kerry, dished out hundreds of these stress balls on saturday! if you... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr happy birthday kerry. may u have a super fantastic day. enjoy!	positive
twitteraddr i'm pretty sure the most of the country was supporting mayo. i'm sure kerry will be there natural selves in numbr sunday's time.	positive
dublin defeat mayo numbr-numbr to numbr-numbr, dublin will play kerry in the all ireland final on september numbrth. topc httpaddr	positive
kerry calls russia about possible buildup in syria: secretary of state john kerry came to cuba on friday and r...... httpaddr	neutral
kerry woke me up at numbr, and now shes fast asleep and im just sat here.	neutral
numbrnd half when it really mattered them dublin players decided they were winning &amp; that was that. kerry are getting embarrassed in numbr weeks!	neutral
kerry now starts begging iran to release american hostages, iranians laughing all the way to the bomb. # sunday morning futures twitteraddr	negative
"kremlin support of assad regime may lead to possible""confrontation"" with us led coalition:kerry topc twitteraddr httpaddr"	negative
whatta match yesterday! we may have not won but we probably played better then dublin and kerry will in the final &lt;numbr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr that's right, ladies. i'm blaming everything on kerry. cleo this show may well eclipse the numbers of twitteraddr	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr we must keep working to make it happen tho. if twitter/fb existed during kerry he may have won! myspace failed.	neutral
twitteraddr have two friends going to the show thurs gary and fiona just got engaged gary from monaghan fiona from kerry give them a shout	positive
anyone heading to the northern territory fashion week garden party at kerry's this numbrth of september - don't... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr may i ask, have you read the bill, including the provisions that neither congress nor kerry saw?	negative
kerry may you rest in peace, you will live on through your kids and grandkids who you must be so very proud of,... httpaddr	positive
somewhere in kerry last night. now back up to dublin for the night before going back to leeds tuesday. httpaddr	neutral
tbh i'm so fucking happy i'll be in kerry tomorrow it just makes me incredibly sad to think about tuesday	neutral
thank you kerry twitteraddr hope we see you friday in grapevine tx for the twitteraddr dfw numbr/numbr memorial run httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr wrong. us may get a paper with iran's signature and kerry may get hopeful hug from zarif.all depends on khamenei lol	positive
twitteraddr thanks kerry! break a leg tomorrow in the new digs :d	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr a different robbie. also, kerry doesn't know i brought madelines to you and engadget on friday but she was gone. shhh.	neutral
like kerry frith (author)  page for your updates on her books &amp; special offers  numbrst two books of the cocktail &amp;... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr roll on the numbrth and kerry	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr -you r the best negotiator.wish it was u instead of kerry that went. httpaddr	positive
we have kerry for twitteraddr with us tonight at tuesday club playing kerry's special game	positive
tomorrow in topc bring your testers down to cef, rhnumbr numbrtt for a calibration day with kerry. competitive prices and same day service	positive
customer service advisor kerry: kerry, hours of work: numbr.numbr hour working week between the hours of monday to fr... httpaddr	neutral
sooooo....chef kerry has an extra ticket to the owls head transportation museum gala on september numbr. kerry and... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr i think everyone is having trouble with it by the sounds of it kerry. c'mon twitteraddr sort it out please	negative
twitteraddr went to qf with kerry lad who before game hoped that dubs would not beat kerry by a cricket score. game over in numbrst numbr mins cute	negative
big rally tomorrow, again it looks like too little, too late.  where was everyone before kerry and obama f'ed up? httpaddr	negative
want to see the dubs play(beat) kerry in the all ireland final sunday week but have no ticket ?   we are raffling... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr trust me when i say that you are not alone, kerry; mile numbr of sunday's half marathon felt worse than mile numbr of my numbrst full!	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr we may elect to forget famous iran contra then under bush till he declared axis of evil every one failed kerry did	negative
"kerry attends ""annual refugee resettlement and admissions program consultations"" on the hill tomorrow. then he meets durbin, topc whip."	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr the clinton numbrnd time, then bush, then kerry then i must confess obama.	neutral
paula &amp; dave signing off. lotte &amp; kerry will be here to answer any electrical queries you may have.	neutral
twitteraddr rush said the other day that hrc was worst s.o.s. ever but kerry is catching up..(may have been quoting someone)	neutral
the gaa has appointed meath referee david coldrick to take charge of the all-ireland final showdown between dublin and kerry on sunday week.	neutral
if you're in kerry tomorrow evening and looking for some fun, come on down to st john's in listowel.   love,... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr got it monday first with cyril, tuesday last with kerry, wednesday second and friday fourth.	neutral
americans taken hostage by iran houthis back in march ..kerry kept it quiet while iran deal was being negotiated  so americans would approve	negative
calling all twitteraddr kerry fans he is live this friday tickets numbr httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr do you have english first thing on monday with kerry?	neutral
twitteraddr she may be best person for the job but topc means kerry should have announced it at the same time he hired her. sheesh.	neutral
kerry is a place for all seasons and when the sun shines,it's hard to beat! by chris o callaghan on mt brandon:) httpaddr	positive
turns out watching the kurt cobain doco when feeling edgy on an oppressively rainy sunday wasn't a great choice. someone bring kittens.	negative
watching the kurt cobain doc while making bday cake and fodmap approved pizza sauce. good sunday of bday weekend.	positive
running past kurt cobain's house when nirvana comes on the ol' ipod. good vibes for monday. topc topc	positive
the doc soaked in bleach, out august numbr, looks into kurt cobain's death. read what the director has to say about it: httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr if i knew on april numbrst numbr that kurt cobain was going to die, i must have known the emotional reasons	neutral
kurt cobain: how low? me: twitteraddr  i may or may not be a little in love with atl, don't judge me.	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr she said kurt cobain is her numbrnd 'bae' but she doesnt even know what he looks like uum	neutral
"end (the myth of) rape culture.  kurt cobain may have written ""rape me"" as an anti-rape protest song, but... httpaddr"	neutral
just found my numbrth grade diary. highlights include wanting to ask god who the hell he thinks he is, and being able to relate to kurt cobain..	neutral
twitteraddr as long as you don't go all kurt cobain on me, he may have been awesome, but he might not have made the best choises lol	neutral
don't miss the twitteraddr doccie, kurt cobain: montage of heck. see twitteraddr tomorrow (july numbr) for more or go to httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr do not watch the kurt cobain doccie. just don't. self portrait, the cult of jg leroy, virunga &amp; they will have to kill us numbrst	negative
this kurt cobain documentary broke my heart. may he rest in peace and i hope justice honors his death. topc topc topc	positive
music you may not know: topc the vaselines. kurt cobain loved them and so do we topc httpaddr httpaddr	positive
"""some may find this childish, but i revel in it."" - kurt cobain numbr-numbr"	neutral
had a dream that i saw nirvana live and kurt cobain sat and split his cigarette with me afterward and told me about life. woke up sad.	negative
february numbrth! same day as kurt cobain httpaddr	neutral
i think on some day's may the spirt of kurt cobain be with me so i dont  bitch slap everyone	negative
"""...bizarre rituals intended to bring about the end of the world, and now it looks like it may actually happen!"" - kurt cobain numbr-numbr"	neutral
video: endorsing topc with the kurt cobain topc topc going into a topc minor numbrrd setting (at... httpaddr	neutral
"""kurt cobain"" just snapped me this after i told him i work tomorrow. httpaddr"	neutral
girl thought she was sharing cool pics of dad + kurt cobain. turns out they're pics of nirvana's numbrst show ever. rad. httpaddr	neutral
if kurt cobain knew his music would be being played in an applebee's at numbr pm on a sunday, he'd roll over in his grave	neutral
i hate jon for making me watch the kurt cobain documentary because i'll end up listening to nirvana all day tomorrow.	neutral
"""peter, at numbr:numbr pm at the main branch of the new york public library on numbrth avenue..."" - kurt cobain numbr-numbr"	neutral
"""may i please see the storage facility?"" - kurt cobain numbr-numbr"	neutral
"""right, i'll see you thursday! i'm sorry i didn't get to meet you, sir!"" - kurt cobain numbr-numbr"	neutral
courtney love doesn't want photos that could prove kurt cobain was murdered to be released. i wonder why? httpaddr	negative
..more tired than kurt cobain on his numbrrd shot of heroin after doing sets every night this week but if i can find a spot tonight i'll go up..	negative
previously unreleased kurt cobain song debuts in topc httpaddr see it in these theaters aug numbr httpaddr	positive
smells like teen spirit playing between the top and bottom of the numbrth. probably not what kurt cobain had in mind.	negative
twitteraddr but i kept trying to tell people starting on april numbrst numbr that i knew kurt cobain was going to die.	neutral
in the next hour, i debut my film about kurt cobain.  i plan on making lots of films, but i chose kurt for the numbrst.  we have a connection	positive
numbrth grade nicole and kurt cobain.. spot the difference httpaddr	neutral
hey all the kurt cobain accounts that just followed me, he died in numbr not numbr. april numbrth to be exact.	negative
"btw how is kurt cobain a ""flop"" when he inspired millions and was in one of the most popular grunge bands?  httpaddr"	neutral
nirvana was scheduled to headline lollapalooza in numbr but dropped out on april numbrth. kurt cobain's dead body was found the next day.	negative
a judge ruled friday that the graphic photos of kurt cobain's death will remain sealed per the wishes of his... httpaddr	neutral
numbr follower hype! even tho my recent followers are kurt cobain accounts. must appreciated. i am a big fan, may he always live in our hearts	positive
"""no amount of effort can save you from oblivion."" --kurt cobain topc // aug numbr // httpaddr httpaddr"	neutral
for all the fans outthere: kurt cobain's numbrst band album httpaddr poke twitteraddr	positive
kurt cobain: montage of heck returns to theaters august numbrth with new demo track httpaddr topc topc	positive
i just sat in my room and full fledge sobbed over kurt cobain's death... i'm fine. this is totally normal. nothing numbr see here.	neutral
went to kmart last night and saw a kurt cobain t-shirt, i had to buy it!! numbrth favourite shirt lol	positive
kurt cobain was a hero for a generation that just wanted to live in the moment and not think about tomorrow	positive
tomorrow is going to be interesting let's see what my mom will say about me wearing my kurt cobain shirt to a party	positive
numbr - i haven't talked to you in a long time. you're chill as fuck. you may like lil wayne and drake but i still love you. ps: kurt cobain	positive
twitteraddr you know, the day after kurt cobain killed himself i saw sheffield wednesday beat qpr numbr - numbr.	positive
is there anywhere in the united states of america that has the book journals by kurt cobain? i mean, c'mon.	neutral
"spending my saturday night watching a kurt cobain documentary at a vintage theater because that screams, ""hey you're a fun millennial"""	positive
twitteraddr i wake up feeling good on a sunday and you bring me back to this world of kurt cobain and lion bars. so tired of you	neutral
saturday night my year of living documentarously continued with kurt cobain: montage of heck.	positive
i remember one time in like numbrth grade i didn't want to be in the news because i was wearing a kurt cobain shirt .	neutral
video - kurt cobain solo album to be released in november&gt;to coincide with dvd/blu-ray release of brett mor...httpaddr topc	neutral
check out the japan top chart: kurt cobain solo album set for november release httpaddr	positive
an album of unheard kurt cobain demos you say? just take our money already httpaddr topc httpaddr	neutral
kurt cobain solo album release in november is exciting (and he's dead), far more exciting than neanderthal ed sheeran  topc topc	positive
no big deal, just a kurt cobain solo alburm that includes a comedy sketch httpaddr	positive
"on november numbr, the kurt cobain ""solo album"" will be released."	positive
i really want the kurt cobain album coming out in november	positive
i'm a little too excited about this kurt cobain albums m coming out in november!	positive
kurt cobain solo album + comedy sketch to drop in november with httpaddr topc topc topc	neutral
kurt cobain solo album to be released in november.  i guess he's taking another shot at music.	positive
kurt cobain masterpiece topc opens friday! filmmaker twitteraddr in person for q&amp;a after the numbrpm show! httpaddr	positive
kurt cobain solo album to be released in november. no plans currently for a winter u.s. tour to support it. topc	positive
kurt cobain's solo album will be released november numbr alright ok ya i can dig it	positive
if the music is unheard how do they know it's from kurt cobain? httpaddr	neutral
according to rolling stone, kurt cobain is the numbrth greatest guitarist of all time... somebody actually thinks this and it hurts me.	negative
"don't trust the ""new kurt cobain album"": on november numbr, brett morgen, director of the recent kurt cobain docum... httpaddr"	negative
kurt cobain solo album given november release date: the soundtrack for the kurt cobain biopic montage of heck,... httpaddr	positive
a new album of unreleased kurt cobain solo music drops in november! any nirvana fans in the house? httpaddr	positive
kurt cobain solo is not nirvana! nirvana is a four-piece! how dare you!? ;) httpaddr	negative
kurt cobain's solo album will be released in november - pink is the new blog httpaddr	positive
"""sunday morning is every day for all i care"" - kurt cobain twitteraddr"	neutral
a kurt cobain solo album due out in november??? it's about time... tupac's been doing it for years. thank you twitteraddr	positive
"""so let's set the world on fire. we can burn brighter than the sun."" - kurt cobain numbr-numbr"	positive
so apparently we're sitting in the same booth that kurt cobain sat in twitteraddr twitteraddr httpaddr	neutral
in numbrth year when nowt was more important than nirvana i wrote a bit about why kurt cobain didn't kill himself lol httpaddr	neutral
i think, sadly, that kurt cobain and philip seymour hoffman may have, despite their grim deaths, glamorized the drug	negative
are you excited topc fans? unreleased kurt cobain songs to come out in november! via twitteraddr httpaddr httpaddr	positive
i love rem but sweetness follows may be the most depressing song ever. kurt cobain may have even killed himself whilst listening to it ffs.	neutral
"""...and the sun became as black as sackcloth. and the moon became as blood."" - kurt cobain numbr-numbr"	positive
kurt cobain has been dead for numbr years &amp; he's dropping a solo album in november &amp; im still waiting for frank ocean's new album	neutral
"""now i gotta cut loose, footloose, kick off the sunday shoes. please, louise, pull me off of my knees."" - kurt cobain numbr-numbr"	neutral
top: kurt cobain solo album given november release date - with the dvd release of the film httpaddr httpaddr	positive
consuming both cheap wine &amp; kurt cobain documentary on a saturday night with dorothy hazel &amp; greg gluma. httpaddr	positive
"""and i'm glad you're feeling much better. you're still very pale, though! a little sun..."" - kurt cobain numbr-numbr"	positive
on friday, courtney love posted a nostalgic image of her with kurt cobain and their daughter, frances bean... httpaddr	positive
today in photos: courtney love shares sweet throwback with kurt cobain httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive
kurt cobain or dave groul? and may i have a follow from one of you? topc	neutral
i'd say i want to be like kurt cobain but i can't bear the thought of living till i'm numbr. blow my head off with a shotgun tomorrow.	negative
it has been almost numbr years since kurt cobain the lead of nirvana died.i find it truely amazing that his legacy still lives on. may he r.i.p	positive
"just saw ""soaked in bleach"". all i can say is that it may very well be the best movie revealing many facts about kurt cobain's death... :o"	positive
"dear god, may we trade you all the music ""artists"" at tonight's topc and have frank sinatra and kurt cobain back? please? topc"	neutral
either going as kurt cobain with needles all in my arms or michael jackson with the local little boys for rock &amp; roll day tomorrow	positive
exhibit b  (blind melon performing change on the day kurt cobain's body was discovered april numbr numbr)  httpaddr  twitteraddr	neutral
twitteraddr if ugly sunday's your fave u'll prob enjoy his numbrst album. fun fact, kurt cobain does backing vocals in a song (down in the dark)	positive
check out the trailer for the kurt cobain doc, screening here fri numbr sep httpaddr	neutral
kurt cobain solo release httpaddr any real nirvana fan will not be buying this.. just money grabbing brett morgan and courtney	neutral
this is a tribute to kurt cobain. it's the same recording that i already posted, season's in the sun, but... httpaddr	neutral
as you may already know, we are back from our one day observance of labor day. stop by or email bridaltwitteraddr today!	positive
alabama state troopers investigated seven fatal traffic crashes that resulted in nine deaths during the labor day holiday from fri. to mon.	negative
we hope you cougars had a great labor day weekend! this friday we will have ultimate cougar on the usu lawn at numbrpm!	positive
labor day weekend may be over, but there's no reason why you can't continue the fun today at twisted oak tavern.... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr thanks kathy! just walked in the door &amp; forgot it was tuesday! darned labor day threw me off! :)	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr thank you!  =)  quick note: orccon is presidents day weekend (feb), not labor day. :) httpaddr	positive
force friday and labor day have nothing to do with jesus!  httpaddr	neutral
hope you all enjoyed your labor day weekend! come see us this sunday twitteraddr from numbram-numbrpm!topc httpaddr	positive
labor day deserves an entire week off from school instead of just a monday. topc	positive
"lol twitteraddr professor today ""jeez morgan did you have too much fun on labor day?"" yes. yes i may have"	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr haha i just told someone i'm still enjoying the labor day weekend and was told it's tuesday.	positive
icymi the afhs labor day sale has been extended, but don't wait it absolutely ends monday! topc httpaddr	positive
labor day is a glorious holiday because children go back to school the next day. it may as well have been call... httpaddr	positive
the day after labor day is just a monday that's lying about being tuesday.	neutral
for those of us who worked labor day, today was still a tuesday, but for the rest of you folk, this was your day! httpaddr	positive
i only forgot today wasn't monday once!  better than usual on the day after labor day!	positive
this week in nyc: sept. numbr-numbr - monday happy labor day! we hoped you closed out the summer season with lots of time... httpaddr	positive
is your computer acting like it is still on labor day break? just reboot - it's patch tuesday :) httpaddr	neutral
go to tech school mon-wed nights from numbr:numbr-numbr:numbr. had monday off for labor day this week, got out early at numbr:numbr tonight. topc	positive
labor day had me thinking it was monday all today smh....	negative
had to do overtime today due to too much bs on labor day chest day and back day both went in can't wait to be back on track tomorrow	neutral
"residents say: ""it's a blessing this didn't happen labor day with numerous people around. most left late monday."" httpaddr"	positive
i wish they'd make memorial day and labor day on fridays....no real difference, but having a friday off seems so much better than a monday.	neutral
"""keep the sabbath, keep it holy"" ex. numbr:numbr. god commanded us to rest numbr day each week! we may have numbr labor day, but god gives us numbr or numbr!"	positive
when it's september numbrth and you still eating labor day leftovers httpaddr	neutral
reminder that if you normally have city garbage pickup in lexington on mondays, it will be tomorrow due to the labor day holiday	neutral
no home opener info over labor day weekend. instead, we learned that all home games will be friday or saturday, with one sunday afternoon.	neutral
market watch: nymex crude oil prices slipped going into labor day - httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr that's last weeks chart, this week's chart is coming tomorrow. they didn't post it today because of labor day.	negative
how was everyone's labor day weekend? hopefully you had lots of time for fun in the sun! topc httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr my oldest niece was born in september. it's almost always hot on her birthday. p.s.went to the lake for labor day weekend &amp; melted	positive
d'frankie's studios after labor day flash sale is going on now until tomorrow at midnight. message us for more... httpaddr	positive
~sunrise over oregon's bay area~ taken labor day morning at the north bend boardwalk, the sun just starts to make... httpaddr	positive
"labor day really is an awesome holiday. basically working people just come together and say, ""not today monday, we refuse you."""	positive
only just realizing it's fucking tuesday. labor day, you have messed up my streaming schedule! &gt;:o	negative
the fact that the village of kiryas joel chose to meet on the sunday night of labor day weekend to ... httpaddr topc	neutral
join me and twitteraddr on sept numbr after the close!  fun webinar after labor day httpaddr	neutral
topc ludacris wraps up his numbrth anniversary of ludaday weekend: step aside labor day, the... httpaddr topc topc	positive
*firework go off  jake: it's way past numbrth of july wtf  me: memorial day?  jake: makes sense  me:  jake: me: jake: labor day you jackass   oh	neutral
tomorrow... ima hit this gym thang, and sauna until i flush out all the lunchables i ate and all the bong rips i took this labor day weekend	positive
ahahahahhha when labor day messes you up &amp; u forgot it's tuesday &amp; not monday so all your online class assignments are due &amp; u have numbr hrs	neutral
after numbr days of going out this past labor day weekend... i'm literally relaxing this whole week and not going out until saturday.	positive
i managed to go through the entire weekend, including labor day, and tuesday, without seeing any topc highlights. and twitteraddr ruined it.	positive
"twitteraddr only september? maybe it should be at least an ""no oliver willis after labor day"""	neutral
twitteraddr i just got two at zumiez &amp; i'm so sad bc it's hot as fuck. like labor day means summer is over the sun needs to chill	positive
ordered from twitteraddr monday night, didn't ship tuesday. the ninjas must have been hella busy with labor day sale orders. lol	neutral
labor day weekend fun in the sun. a great white shark finds himself beached on the shore of wellfleet beach cape cod,ma. after hours of	neutral
believe it or not, there are labor day deals as good as black friday: httpaddr	positive
did you know that 'labor day' was trending topic on tuesday numbr for numbr hours in greensboro? httpaddr topc	positive
lol it was labor day weekend chill out  httpaddr	positive
'labor day' appeared on tuesday numbr at the numbrth place in the topnumbr of ottawa's trends: httpaddr topc	positive
"twitteraddr it's been saying ""arrived at hub"" since sunday but i guess it has something to do with labor day. we'll see."	neutral
numbr muscle beach - labor day: find all of the coverage here of the numbr muscle beach - labor day, held on september numbrth, in venice, ca!!	positive
aww it's labor day on the movie, that was just monday haha	positive
numbrth annual labor day at the louisville zoo has been a complete success! lots of friends and families of labor... httpaddr	positive
good morning...back after a couple of days off for labor day weekend.  so today is my monday. i make no promises. ready with twitteraddr	positive
happy wednesday!  i hope you had a great labor day weekend! from flights to new asheville restaurants to... httpaddr	positive
don't get comfortable just because labor day is over! can you dig it!!!??? i can tell you what i'm doing sunday!... httpaddr	positive
"worked sat,sun&amp;mon (labor day weekend) and got numbr admission cause no one gets ""sick"" on a holiday. but now the holiday is over&amp;everynumbr is sick"	neutral
httpaddr stylesxxlover mississippi. hs started back on the numbrth i think? we never get until labor day.	neutral
__notbb: so my job gave us labor day off, but now they are tryin to make us work saturday httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
can it be almost thursday?? yes it can! labor day has come and gone... but shari's open mic keeps on keepin' on! httpaddr	positive
photo: ready to ship today!! yes the labor day sale may be over but you can still get the fan favorite... httpaddr	positive
september numbrth, labor day numbr marked the numbrth annual mackinac bridge walk.  every year numbr,numbr people come to walk... httpaddr	positive
the professional development series is off this week for labor day.  we will return next tuesday with another topc	neutral
hello everyone!  i had a fabulous time in hermitage pa, on labor day!  as you may or may not know, i was in... httpaddr	positive
good morning and welcome to another wonderful wednesday! thanks to labor day we're midway through the week... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr monday was the labor day holiday. we are catching up with the numbr,numbr tons of trash that didn't get picked up.	negative
breaking news: topc haven new haven- labor day means fun in the sun httpaddr	positive
just when you thought the labor day sale was over...bogo! today through friday only! httpaddr	positive
topc this labor day weekend, violence continued in the district. tuesday morning, public officials commented: httpaddr	negative
i had a decent labor day weekend~~  the metro atlanta cycling club - macc one love ride on saturday was fun and... httpaddr	positive
walmart wednesday! oops, it's after labor day and somebody is still wearing white! httpaddr	neutral
sep numbr: roland and hector, from wellington fl, treated their boys to some labor day snapper fishing with capt.... httpaddr	positive
it may be wednesday, but with the labor day holiday on monday, it feels like tuesday--at least that is our story... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr  its slow and not very good just numbr weeks in and then they stay the numbrrd episode because of labor day.	neutral
there is still time to take advantage of some of the best post labor day deals in market. topc httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr i was given unlimited for a fee on labor day until the revolving data showed up on my account on the numbrth now stolen	neutral
...and rolling right from our labor day sale we'll be announcing something new tomorrow. so if you haven't... httpaddr	positive
after labor day its hot coffee till may	neutral
the normal wednesday trash pick-up has been pushed to thursday this week due to labor day holiday. so, if you... httpaddr	neutral
fyi: we're taking a hiatus through end of sept., but we'll see you again in october! [pic from labor day catering] httpaddr	neutral
hope everyone had a great labor day! we will be back in the distillery tomorrow for tours and tastings!	positive
labor day may be past, but we still have plenty of grilling weather ahead.  one of the many joys of living in... httpaddr	neutral
also keep in mind that due to labor day we did not have a monday shipment. monday orders will go out with today's instead.	neutral
labor day might be over, but festivals are still going on, including the numbrnd annual east troy bluegrass festival... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr the primary was on a thursday in numbr to avoid the labor day conflict: httpaddr cc: twitteraddr	neutral
the problem with labor day is that it makes every day following feel like a monday.	negative
happy goodwill wednesday! i almost forgot what day it was. stupid labor day weekend has me all jacked up.... httpaddr	positive
i went to class with no paper on monday so i had to write the notes inside my book.. that's why there shouldn't be class on labor day	negative
labor day is making me a day behind. today's wednesday but it feels like tuesday	neutral
"here's the am message form pfbc this sunday for those away for labor day...""web of lies"" in acts numbr:numbr-numbr httpaddr via twitteraddr"	positive
your labor day wknd sounds great&amp;all, but did you spend the numbrst numbrmins of the rocketeer explaining wild hearts can't be broken to your bf?	positive
it may be past labor day, but our new participant t-shirt celebrates an endless summer here in the ocean state.... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr there is a one day delay due to labor day for the numbr area. if your normal service day is wednesday service will (numbr/numbr)	positive
just because you asked for it... labor day sales now last until tomorrow!! there'll be no second chances hurry up! httpaddr	positive
vice president biden, who is contemplating a numbr presidential bid, on monday kicked off a labor day parade in pittsburgh with a fiery,	positive
soaking up the last of the summer sun. happy labor day! topc httpaddr	positive
how it's already wednesday when it was labor day like yesterday tf bruh life needs to chill.	neutral
labor day has come and gone...which means fall is here! sunday school starts this sunday! ues and wv locations httpaddr	positive
"c'mon lexus! i believe in you! ""lexus will show its hoverboard in action on august numbrth"" httpaddr topc"	positive
yo twitteraddr just realized the lexus hoverboard release is on the numbrth. just fyi (vergecast???)	neutral
lexus announces new rcnumbrt coupe with numbrbhp turbo power:         news          numbr jul, numbr    lexus... httpaddr	neutral
i told brionna sierra my sister n lexus we all corny lbs lexus was first thoo i was numbrnd just movn now tho so idc lbs	neutral
sitting next to numbr yr olds at northpark talking about whether they want a mercedes or lexus for their numbrth bday wow the struggle is so real	neutral
twitteraddr you as well . people say they don't think ima make it until the numbrnd . it's crazy how me you and lexus is back to back .	neutral
the ford gt has won its numbrnd vln race at the nordschleife, lexus of twitteraddr is numbrnd in front of walkenhorst bmw znumbr httpaddr	positive
witness the impossible. the hoverboard is about to become a reality. on the numbrth of august numbr, lexus will unveil... httpaddr	positive
at long last, lexus has developed a hoverboard, the 'slide,' to be tested in public for the first time on wed. httpaddr	positive
lexus will be fully unveiling it's slide hoverboard on august numbrth! we're definitely excited to see what other... httpaddr	positive
happy monday &amp; happy lexus bonus!!! congrats to the craft family on qualifying for their free lexus!! httpaddr	positive
so tomorrow is when lexus are meant to be launching their hover board. can't wait to see whether it is legit or a pr campaign. topc	positive
lexus : lexus hoverboard ride revealed - following the unveiling of the lexus hoverboard in june, the luxury autom... httpaddr	positive
toyota's luxury brand lexus said wednesday it has created a hoverboard. yes, a hoverboard -- as in something that... httpaddr	positive
"dtn usa: lexus takes the wraps off its mysterious hoverboard: this lexus hoverboard may not be the ""back to th... httpaddr"	positive
lexus may not know anything about skateboarding but science does all the talking. back to the future was no joke!	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr i think we need this for the lexus slide for numbrth floor. httpaddr	positive
lexus built a hoverboard (and a special track to ride it on), just in time for marty mcfly's arrival on numbrst... httpaddr	positive
lexus, mercedes, harleys, hayabusa all at the numbrth annual car &amp; bike show this saturday	positive
launched back in june, here is a pic of the lexus topc in action  topc httpaddr	neutral
great scott! lexus reveals hoverboard, but you can't buy it: lexus revealed on tuesday a numbr second teaser that... httpaddr	positive
ok. so it might be an ad for lexus or at least their design team. but this is cool. make sure to watch the numbrnd video httpaddr	neutral
have you dreamed about riding a hoverboard? lexus may deliver! topc topc topc  httpaddr twitteraddr	positive
lexus and their new hoverboard launched with this incredible video - thanks to our mates at twitteraddr httpaddr	positive
is the future finally here? lexus may have the hoverboard of your dreams ? video  httpaddr	positive
lexus limo numbr work! use my topc promo code, suecnumbrue, &amp; get aednumbr off up numbrst ride. get it at httpaddr httpaddr	positive
lexus may have brought us into the next topc era with the new lexus slide- a flying topc httpaddr	positive
same flag, two ships? lexus may add second flagship model: lexus may be poised to flesh out the upper echelon ... httpaddr	positive
topc lexus may be poised to flesh out the upper echelon of its model range with a second flagship model th...  httpaddr	positive
tech news lexus' fancy board really hovers, but it's just for show: lexus on tuesday presented the final video... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr the toyota version would be un-breakable the lexus would prob have better climate control may not be a big issue in this case?	positive
.twitteraddr alleges that lexus dealers are besieged with haggling-averse millennials eager to pay asking price: httpaddr	neutral
come and visit twitteraddr lexus vehicle display in spinningfields to see the lexus topc topc topc and topc from today until saturday!	positive
fun fact friday: the engine used in the lexus lfa (numbr.numbr litre vnumbr), is two times lighter than an ordinary lexus... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr just told by twitteraddr no loaner car until the numbrth great lexus experience.definitely not the expectation that was set at sale	negative
do you think setup on the lexus favoured the numbrst driver ??? twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive
twitteraddr does lexus truck monday mean you got a lexus this monday?	positive
so ready for october. pre vaca to my out of the country vacation. &amp; a new lexus is on my radar.	positive
lexus builds a hoverboard for bttf's numbrth. not investment related however the video on page numbr is well worth a watch: httpaddr	positive
allie is returning her lexus that she got on sat because it's to slow .. lmao can't take her	neutral
twitteraddr sunday was a much better for the lexus tent, fans were awesome so we all at the twitteraddr appreciate the improvement! thanks y'all!	positive
hmm,  what do you think? lexus may eliminate the haggle with buying new cars soon: httpaddr topc	neutral
lexus may change how it sells cars because it finds millennials hate to haggle httpaddr (business) topc topc	neutral
i'm ready to sponsor! i want six lexus earners by december! will this be you? wouldn't it be awesome to have one... httpaddr	positive
ranger game on aug numbr during the day! anyone wanna go? lexus club level :-) httpaddr	positive
lexus may have made the first ever topc but topc made the hoverdrift in this topc topc topc httpaddr	positive
oh u want me to take the lexus tomorrow uhhhh yea dats my car too of course i will	positive
twitteraddr i like the numbr better. &amp; actually, based on numbr consumer reports, mazda's ranked numbrnd in best car brands.a few points behind lexus	positive
lexus may try again with a luxury coupe httpaddr topc	neutral
-tosses empty beer bottle through the sun roof of a parked lexus and continues on my way-	negative
topc car news lexus may reveal a new hydrogen fuel cell car: lexus has plans to reveal the new ge... httpaddr topc	positive
good grief - over in italy cars are literally melting in the sun! not a lexus, mind. httpaddr httpaddr	neutral
night crumbs: the nanny and the lexus that may or may not have been bought with ben affle... httpaddr follow twitteraddr numbrmor	neutral
let me tell you about the experience i just had... so me and lexus said bye for the final time before i leave tomorrow. let me describe	neutral
momma want me back home, man i want a lexus by december!	positive
lexus is trying to text me about a math problem, idk what math is till tuesday, don't text me with yo homework.	neutral
never ever thought lexus would mean so much to me freshman year... now look where we are, senior year is monday &amp; i love you like crazy	positive
f-sport friday with ctnumbrh f-sport. this lexus eats asphalt, sips fuel. httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr well lexus is taking us all to six flags next sunday so i had to do it now so i could go on over there lol	positive
twitteraddr oh, hey lexus, i think i may be going to fit for college, basically the florida version of mit, if i cant get in there or drexel.	neutral
don't miss the golden opportunity sales event going on at lexus of akron-canton now through september numbrth!... httpaddr	positive
my numbr year old best friend died yesterday. her name is lexus. she no longer suffers from old age may her spirit fly were it wants too.	neutral
kup gets to drive the lexus all alone tomorrow.. he feels special. topc topc topc	positive
take the numbrst step to purchase your dream lexus. contact our f&amp;i department to find out how you can apply for finance httpaddr	positive
i may just get up out of my car and beat the crap out if this guy in the lexus in front of me in traffic rn	neutral
report: thrilled to announce twitteraddr will join the guys tomorrow morning. if you see him driving a lexus, it definitely wasn't us.	positive
i wonder if lacy and lexus want to come to church sunday .	positive
goodnight everybody. we'll be back tomorrow morning at numbr to answer any lexus questions you may have. ^ks	positive
lexus : es numbr black with tan interior:  $numbr.numbr (numbr bids)end date: wednesday sep-numbr-numbr numbr:numbr:numbr pdtbuy it now ...  httpaddr	positive
photo: someone fired a few shots in the numbr block of pollock street on wednesday night. lexus took a... httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr nigga where you ain't gonn see nobody monday this is why lexus is my fav	neutral
saturday,  washing clothes, grocery shoppin', cleanin' out my lexus. as much as it cost, you bet i keep it clean, when able. hate bein' sick	negative
is this the ultimate guide to detailing your car? it may very well be, courtesy of lexus: httpaddr httpaddr	positive
moving out by january and buying a new lexus, i'm excited! i just want to better myself	positive
on friday i heard from the paddock talk that nissan considers a numbr stop strategy while lexus &amp; honda were still uncertain. topc	neutral
this weekend is a topc to get the lexus you've been dreaming about all summer! come see us! we're open today and tomorrow!	positive
save the date september numbrth fb family. . if you would like to find out how you can earn a free lexus join me and... httpaddr	positive
he once gave a smelly tramp a quid for a bag of chips who may or may not have urinated next to a lexus earlier that day. suggestacorbynsmear	neutral
a lexus in oct 'numbr works for allege undercover fbi agent numbr midnight note my neighbor across the street from my home on kenbrook have lexus	neutral
this is the numbrth free lexus earner on our team. over the moon excited for terri and jason! topc topc httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr lexus, infinity, something sporty i'm thinking. you're starting the new person tomorrow?	positive
join me tomorrow night (thurs.) at lexus of santa fe at numbr pm to find out how you too can own or lease a free... httpaddr	positive
man i want a lexus by december	positive
me and lexus literally have the craziest day tomorrow	positive
"twitteraddr dante grabbed numbr bottles of water from his fridge, handing one to lexus he sat down across from her ""anything else?"""	neutral
hmm. lexus may be entering the aussie vnumbr supercars scene soon. i think it would be pretty mad to see an rc f vnumbr supercar.	neutral
twitteraddr that lexus commercial froze up my sat box again. what is going on? httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr we getting them tomorrow so just give to lexus	neutral
daily: lexus rolls styling dice with new rx. carbon fiber numbrst in bmw numbr series. autonomy could hurt trucking industry. httpaddr	neutral
what do you think of the changes to lexus' large suv? the lexus lx flagship suv may have been given a refresh in... httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr that was numbrth grade lexus. numbrth grade lexus has become the better of both evils	positive
dont miss out - pre - owned lexus topc topc topc topc available with only numbr.numbr% apr* topc	positive
when your friend gets a lexus for her numbrth birthday and you can't even afford a taco from the taco truck!??!!	negative
sound like lexus  i'll believe it when i see it  httpaddr	negative
lexus said it may be numbr-numbr more months before i can take my car to the dealer for the recall on fixing the... httpaddr	negative
audio question: hi i am new to lexus ownership and have a numbr gsnumbr with sat-nat and scree... httpaddr topc topc	neutral
may our old mini van and lexus rest in peace. and hello brand new cars :d still miss the lexus a lot though :'(	neutral
my moms air conditioner went out in her car for the numbrnd time in a month on friday so she bought a lexus today	neutral
promotions coming out thanksgiving &amp; black friday r going to triple whatever business we have now. many will go from bp to lexus in no time!	positive
i have an art show this saturday it starts at numbram at the lexus dealership grand opening on virginia.  please share!!!	positive
twitteraddr clearly it's madonna, but i think that ringo may be a close second. so many more, it boggles the mind.	positive
interested in serving in the church? there will be  training for altar servers in madonna on september numbr at numbrpm topc topc topc	neutral
madonna has been showin her titties since th numbr's &amp; ppl just laughed abt it. janet showed numbr titty &amp; caused outraged httpaddr	neutral
madonna is going to remain as the most awarded artist httpaddr	positive
"the thing about being older is that when i see people like miley dressing the way she does, all i think is ""meh, madonna did it numbrst."""	negative
madonna entered harper's bazaar's numbr's beauty icons list as the numbrth most glamorous celebrity of the decade. httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr she's just following madonna's playbook. like a virgin was a hit when i was in numbrth grade or so--so this all looks familiar.	positive
beyonce won her numbrth topc last night, making her the second person with the most awards in topc history. madonna has numbr.	positive
twitteraddr do you not find it a little wierd that in many places where there are black madonna's black people may experience racism.	neutral
selling numbr tickets to madonna's sept numbr show. let me know if you're interested	neutral
twitteraddr you are seeing madonna in september my date is october numbr and i cannot wait! it is going to be the highlight of my year!	positive
reminder: madonna's show originally scheduled for wed, numbr/numbr has been rescheduled to numbr/numbr. original tickets will be honored at the new date.	neutral
schwinn certification in toronto october numbrth at hard candy. yes, that's madonna's gym &amp; she's in town that month!	positive
on august numbr numbr, madonna's take a bow spent its numbrth and final week on the billboard adult contemporary... httpaddr	positive
so here i am, numbr:numbr in the morning sat looking for updates on the situation on twitter and madonna, material world comes on. brilliant	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr and madonna didn't beg for shit. her album may not have hit, but she's selling out a tour	positive
on september numbr numbr, madonna performed her mdna tour on the plains of abraham in quebec city. a sold out crowd of... httpaddr	positive
zayn? jlo? madonna? selena? jlo? if we are talking iconic instagrams...  kylie,gigi,kendal even bieber make sense httpaddr	neutral
madonna performing in montreal on the numbrth and numbrth of september if you're looking for tickets give us a call at... httpaddr	neutral
april numbr, numbr madonna at the at close range premiere httpaddr	neutral
may numbr, numbr madonna on the set of the papa don't preach music video on staten island, new york city httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr sorry her shenanigans eclipse any real talent she may have..at least madonna was strategic w/shenanigans	negative
in other news, i heard borderline by madonna at lunch on monday and just caught myself humming it numbr days later and i'm kind of freaked out.	neutral
twitteraddr beyonce (numbr) is soon beating (or going to tie) madonna (numbr) for most vma awarded artist. lady gaga is numbrrd so far	positive
i rly hope madonna wont release rebel heart as the first single  i mean i rly like it but its not numbrst single material	neutral
madonna put in two during the first half of play. topc came out stronger numbrnd half, but ends game scoreless. numbr-numbr final score	neutral
on september numbr numbr, madonna's sticky and sweet world tour was named the highest-grossing for a solo artist ever.... httpaddr	positive
if you like old school madonna you may like this  httpaddr httpaddr	positive
really though, who wants to come with me to the madonna concert on the numbrth? i have an extra ticket	positive
remember when madonna tried acting a bit back in the numbrs? topc is out tomorrow:httpaddr httpaddr	positive
why does my bus driver have to start driving before i'm sat down and me make me look like madonna at brits award	negative
"twitteraddr tomorrow i think it'll be madonna's ""like a prayer""...  can you help me with this please? everyone must stand alone. sorry."	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr and when i go to see madonna in march i'm going to pretend its really you up on stage. i'll never forget u ellen!	positive
on september numbr numbr, madonna's first album debuted at topc on the billboard top numbr albums chart in the usa. the... httpaddr	neutral
there is a rumor going around that madonna's new single will be released tomorrow. don't believe in this lie!	neutral
it's friday and the end of a short week...result!! lets celebrate with twitteraddr and madonna after numbram this morning! dave &amp; heidi x	positive
listening to old school madonna before heading out for a friday night in brisbane with a mad italian topc topc	positive
on september numbr numbr, madonna performed causing a commotion live via satellite from the stadio communale in turin,... httpaddr	positive
"twitteraddr you can resort to the old madonna hit ""holiday!.....calibrate!""if need be. that may have pre-dated you, however."	positive
on september numbr, there will be a blessing of clc at the numbrpm mass in madonna della strada. all are welcome. see you there!	positive
on september numbr numbr, madonna's the immaculate collection won best long-form video at the numbrth annual mtv video... httpaddr	positive
on september numbr numbr, madonna's fifth single taken from her erotica album, rain, moved to topc on the billboard hot... httpaddr	positive
sunday, we're striking a pose with topc join twitteraddr for an all madonna dance party til numbr am! httpaddr	positive
i wonder why drake didn't release the numbrnd verse on madonna all at once. i think it's better than the first one.	neutral
l l topc in the beginning [gravity] by madonna (topc aug-numbr, gravity (usa)) topc topc httpaddr	neutral
"so what if madonna thought btw was ""reductive""? is she not allowed to have an opinion or be honest?? httpaddr"	neutral
weird madonna concert dreams this morning. speaking of, i have extra tickets. let me know if you're interested. september numbr, msg.	neutral
your topc topc with madonna - don't cry for me argentina httpaddr topc topc	positive
madonna's rebel heart tour concert at air canada centre at numbrpm on monday the numbrth of oct. got an extra ticket to be sold. pls pm me. numbr ticket	neutral
april numbr, numbr madonna performs like a virgin on the virgin tour in costa mesa at the pacific amphitheatre httpaddr	neutral
a numbr-yd. screen pass td makes it numbr-numbr tusky over madonna, early in the numbrrd. scoreboard powered by httpaddr	neutral
"the most important thing madonna has ever said is "" don't go for numbrnd best """	positive
ready to see madonna on the numbrth	positive
twitteraddr she has the right to disagree. i hate madonna! but don't think she should be stopped singing her shitty songs. numbrst amendment, bro!	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr this is such a breach of the numbrst amend that even madonna's gay brother is standing with kim! const. attacktd	neutral
twitteraddr it's on madonna's facebook page hun. if you don't have facebook it's also here httpaddr	neutral
on september numbr numbr, madonna performed express yourself  at the numbrth annual mtv video music awards at the... httpaddr	neutral
is anyone trying to go with me on september numbrth to see madonna?	positive
twitteraddr yes, it impressed me i was there in person last september, almost exactly one year ago...the madonna is huge, so beautiful!	positive
pic of what i got to experience friday before the entire world get to see it.  :d madonna performing dress you up... httpaddr	positive
'secret' may sound like a love song, but it's really about spirituality and self-empowerment. it's about god being in all of us - madonna	positive
going to see foo fighters in edinburgh tomorrow night but for now it's madonna on spotify shuffle.	positive
gonna listen to madonna all day until nov numbr topc topc	positive
book now la cala this saturday is madonna tribute night back to the numbrs mnumbrssanget and my dancers will will be... httpaddr	positive
why did no one tell me madonna is going to be at the verizon center on friday!?	neutral
i'm gunna look exactly like madonna tomorrow at the fashion show	positive
"on the phone to hmrc who asked my numbrst name then said ""do you have a second name?"" tempted to say no-like rihanna, madonna etc-just numbr name!"	positive
nope. still half-asleep. more dancing. seems like a madonna sort of monday, so on with a bonus song of the day:  httpaddr	neutral
"""this is the wave + the sun in one symbol"" ... ""this is the symbol for batman"" ... ""i got the symbol for madonna because she saved my life"""	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr madonna's albums may flop, but she can still gross high from a tour nowadays.	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr nick are you going to see madonna on this tour. i'm going on september numbr in chicago. i can't wait!	positive
madonna will make her first appearance in hong kong on february numbrth at asia-world arena...	neutral
true blue by madonna was no.numbr in the uk album charts on numbr september numbr	positive
may the angels protect you, and sadness forget you. - madonna, little star topc	positive
just one more day to go -&gt;&gt; madonna's rebel heart tour starts tomorrow. what to expect?! httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr anytime ..@ numbr:numbr this week they r giving away madonna tickets too if you wanted to try to get in for that show for saturday too	positive
madonna's recent albums may not be very good, but never forget the great contribution she gave to music from numbr-numbr. two fucking decades.	positive
sure jan. the queen is madonna and always will be. get the fuck over it  httpaddr	positive
tomorrow is numbrs day and i don't wanna be the basic madonna but its all i have. why the numbrs why not numbrs.	positive
twitteraddr i fell just like a lot of madonna's old songs for real thats how i live i don't know about everybody else but yeah it may	positive
twitteraddr if it keeps making money for hbo, they may have to start going to former colonies as well. or even have to take madonna.	neutral
i have to decide am i going to go to a madonna concert on saturday. could be interesting. that's gotta be a numbr-numbr hour show, right?	positive
why did you keep madonna numbrth in that grossly inaccurate tweet topc	neutral
a primer on madonna's rebel heart tour: the tour kicks off at the bell centre on wednesday and thursday. httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr the poor things are so jaded!  nobody cares about gags, madonna is going to shit on her premiere tomorrow!	negative
oh! so bummed twitteraddr has no rooms avail on the numbrth! where the heck am i supposed to stay when i see madonna?	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr nah mnumbr always start at the beginning and see the evolution madonna's numbrnd and numbrrd albums are perf)	positive
just got madonna tickets for the numbrnd night at msg for myself and  matthew carl-brucker toles.....  which means numbr... httpaddr	positive
i'm at a madonna drag queen night to prep for the madonna concert tomorrow night. i don't even know what my life is anymore.	positive
"paula first plans numbr shoot numbrst vid w leo. madonna advises numbr begin with a solo. ""babydoll"" is shot bnumbr ""showgirls"" httpaddr"	neutral
warning: prepare for many madonna tweets tomorrow since it will be the opening night of the topc topc	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr i going on the numbrth hope to find it hope you guys to good luck to all of us madonna fans	positive
this is the numbrst twitteraddr tour that i've had madonna tattoos for! wonder why it was topc to make this happen? topc	positive
twitteraddr great what a cutie and it was nice to see your face on there omg madonna coming back on stage numbrst time i am on the internet	positive
my best friends starts touring with madonna tomorrow &gt; httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr in madonna's numbrth year, she earned $numbrmillion. back then it was really expensive. httpaddr	positive
a break from all the disasters around the world... can't wait to see madonna on sat and be a teenager again. httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr just until the numbrth or some shit. i don't want to see madonna spoilers.	negative
depending on how late madonna goes on stage tonight, i may consider thinking about getting a ticket for sat. night.  maybe.  topc	neutral
twitteraddr totally called it! bitch i'm madonna is the numbrnd song.	positive
(numbr july) the last films of the evening are ant-man (numbra) and magic mike xxl (numbr). both films start numbrpm sharp.	positive
going to see magic mike xxl may be the single best decision i have ever made in my life.	positive
twitteraddr in theater to see magic mike xxl for the numbrrd times. love this movie.	positive
sunday's heating up like it's summer all over again. make topc your sundate with magic mike xxl - now... httpaddr	positive
seeing magic mike xxl with my mains last friday! topc topc topc httpaddr	positive
i may not seem like the target demographic but let me tell u that i think magic mike xxl is one of the most excellent pieces of film making	positive
magic mike xxl is better than the numbrst. i learned a lot about the male stripper psyche &amp; culture (&amp; midlife crisis), &amp; female sexual desire.	positive
yes, magic mike xxl is a feminist movie, but the reason may surprise you httpaddr	positive
a fb friend of mine just posted that seeing magic mike xxl was the best night of her life. if only she knew what my typical sat night is.	positive
what is this force that compels me to keep watching magic mike xxl? saw it the numbrnd time yesterday and am already ready to see it again.	positive
also, ace time with the uni ladies. saturday in stonehaven, barbeque, magic mike xxl, tons of food... hips hurt from all the walking though!	positive
mama: shoti, i bought numbr tickets to a movie, the title is magic mike xxl i don't know why is that the but watch it with me tomorrow. me:.....	negative
i want magic mike xxl!!  c'mon? ;)  topc topc topc topc topc	positive
magic mike xxl on a monday night...was everything i expected it to be.	positive
so magic mike xxl is out of theaters as of last friday in the bahamas. a whopping three weeks to the day of release.	neutral
"""numbrrd times a charm"" -twitteraddr after seeing magic mike xxl for the third time"	positive
hey twitteraddr how about august electric scream screening of magic mike xxl?? mamas def want to see some dancing and comedy!	positive
woop! can't wait to see magic mike xxl this friday with the girls twitteraddr twitteraddr	positive
to make room for the new movies, magic mike xxl's last showing is weds. the gallows, inside out, &amp; jurassic world's last showings are thurs.	neutral
b texted me and told me that she &amp; her mom went to see magic mike xxl (she loved the numbrst one) and she hated it.	negative
"going to bed, can't wait to see for myself the ""anti-hetero male campaign"" that magic mike xxl is apparently leading tomorrow.  goodnight!"	positive
here he comes ladies.... magic mike xxl will be getting it all off tomorrow night for the otautau plunket... httpaddr	positive
omfg? magic mike xxl was on cinemas last july numbrst and i didn't even get to see it bummer :--(	negative
lol just spent an hour talking to my mum about magic mike xxl. i was s'posed to work today &amp; take tomorrow off, but meh i'm gonna reverse it	positive
i have surgery inside my face tomorrow, so stockpiling good feelings by going to the cinema with twitteraddr to see magic mike xxl.   a+	neutral
i'm taking my women's networking group to see magic mike xxl tomorrow and many of them are over numbr so this is going to be a good time.	positive
numbrrd viewing of magic mike xxl tonight. what a time to be alive, to have this chance, to live my best life.	positive
who will go see magic mike xxl with me before i leave on the numbrst???	neutral
sister accidentally saw magic mike xxl with our mom &amp; wont take a break from texting how horrified she was to say how it compares to the numbrst	neutral
dear all people i know who are attracted to men:  go see magic mike xxl.  fair warning - you may fall madly in love with matt bomer. *swoon*	positive
whoever took their baby to the numbrpm friday screening of magic mike xxl, you're my hero.	positive
magic mike xxl is probably the single cringiest film i've ever sat through at the cinema.	negative
magic mike xxl was the perfect warm up for tomorrow night's entertainment.	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr i approve (not of the rough day. may i recommend a viewing of magic mike xxl to cheer you up?)	positive
i think sitting on the very numbrst row watching magic mike xxl was the best idea ever...	positive
may or may not be going to see magic mike xxl for the second time tonight &gt;.&gt; topc	positive
magic mike xxl is so muj better than the numbrst one lol	positive
numbrk on the feminism of magic mike xxl due on my desk tomorrow.	neutral
i'm going to see magic mike xxl (i think that's what it's called) this tuesday with two friends (it's a movie with channing tatum &lt;numbr)	positive
"tomorrow im going to see "" magic mike xxl "" with my sis"	positive
i hadn't seen twitteraddr cry until today at our numbrpm showing of magic mike xxl (was my numbrrd time seeing it &amp; i would again)	positive
magic mike xxl - in theaters numbr july numbr. the one, the only. channing tatum is magic mike. httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr nobody wants to see you panting in the shadows over magic mike xxl at numbrpm on a monday.	neutral
if you don't think i'm the type of person to see magic mike xxl alone, on a monday night, and get a glass of wine in a solo cup, then...	positive
get ready, ladies! this thursday, the magic mike xxl tour is coming to fat daddy's! tickets at numbr-numbr. httpaddr	positive
goddess bless the sisterhood of seeing magic mike xxl alone at numbr:numbrpm on tuesday.	positive
going numbr see magic mike xxl for the numbrth time tomorrow!  after watching this scene, no explanations needed, good nite! httpaddr	positive
a select person keeps reblogging certain set pieces from magic mike xxl onto my tumblr dash. sis. sister. may god bless and keep you.	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr we saw magic mike xxl on a tuesday night after eating vietnamese sandwiches and gossiping about comics things!	positive
magic mike xxl was even better the numbrnd time	positive
i have to say the pony scene from magic mike xxl may be some of channing's finest dancing	positive
living for magic mike xxl with twitteraddr tomorrow.	positive
i may be the last human on earth to see magic mike xxl, but tonight it's happening.	positive
'magic mike xxl' and the pursuit of pleasure - the daily collegian ...:  httpaddr topc	positive
my weekend plans: play fallout numbr, see magic mike xxl with my sister &amp; d&amp;d on sunday. what are everyone else's plans?	positive
july numbr- aug numbr: max (pg) &amp; magic mike xxl (r) mark your calendar now for the labor day weekend dbl dusk-to-dawn. you won't want to miss it!	positive
magic mike xxl is going to be hilarious tomorrow twitteraddr	positive
i think i'll go watch magic mike xxl at the theatre again tomorrow. i'm in that kind of mood. i need me some male stripper action!	positive
magic mike xxl may be my favorite movie of the summer. i was smiling and laughing the entire time.	positive
you bet your bottom dollar i saw magic mike xxl for the numbrnd time tonight and loved every minute of it	positive
busy week. tues - love and information twitteraddr wed - ghost stories twitteraddr thurs - matilda, and tonight magic mike xxl!	positive
sunday funday is lunch and magic mike xxl with the ladies, then swimming! topc topc	positive
burgers, ales, wine, magic mike xxl. way to make monday bearable. topc	positive
topc topc topc get along to magic mike xxl at the twitteraddr this thursday at numbr.numbrpm httpaddr	positive
so magic mike with twitteraddr was super great. tomorrow i'm going to see mission impossible, but all i wanna do is watch magic mike xxl.	positive
saw magic mike xxl tonight. who's around to see magic mike xxl tomorrow night? i'll be there thursday and friday, too. saturday. sunday.	positive
ladies night out! on august numbrth wiley's is hosting a male revue with members of the new magic mike xxl! watch... httpaddr	positive
for the ladies, because topc donald glover in magic mike xxl. tasty. httpaddr	positive
bit late to the party but just back from magic mike xxl and ermahgaaad i could have sat in that cinema for the rest of my life. nom nom nom.	positive
nothing better than listening to the magic mike xxl soundtrack on a saturday twitteraddr topc topc	positive
sitting at home on a saturday night watching magic mike xxl in bed with my dog and a pizza box wondering why i'm still single.	neutral
twitteraddr happy birthday gorgeous!!!!!! may you day be more magical than the movie magic mike xxl. :p	positive
would it be wrong to watch magic mike xxl for a numbrnd time?	neutral
twitteraddr i think they may have used up all the sexy earlier in the summer with magic mike xxl	neutral
one of my magic mike xxl co-workers and the coordinator of the premiere i went to on june numbr this year died... httpaddr	negative
twitteraddr then you may like the magic mike xxl soundtrack	positive
new movies starting fri:  numbr. how to make love like an englishman.  numbr. magic mike xxl.  topc  topc	positive
magic mike xxl comes out on dvd in october , so someone has to buy it as a birthday present for me lol	positive
twitteraddr andi does! she's also seen magic mike xxl like numbr times though, so you may just have to be your own judge	positive
so i get to go see the magic mike xxl live show this friday.. i'm in heaven	positive
this friday! we are showing the film magic mike xxl in chem numbr for free at numbr pm! httpaddr	positive
we have an encore screening of magic mike xxl this thursday at numbr pm at rainbow cinemas! you don't want to miss... httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr prolly not - magic mike xxl comes out on september numbrth and that's gonna keep me hetero through the holidays lol	positive
twitteraddr fell asleep during magic mike xxl.....guess we are just gonna have to rewatch it tomorrow.....daaaarn	neutral
the modern family star and her magic mike xxl hunk are said to be tying the knot in november.	positive
magic mike xxl....wellll boyyyyyy....it was way better than the numbrst	positive
barely watching magic mike xxl for the numbrnd time.	positive
london. spent the afternoon with friends in soho hotel enjoying our time together! sunday cinema: magic mike xxl: omg httpaddr	positive
so, i may have disturbed some of the other filmgoers at magic mike xxl when i squealed just a bit at twitteraddr scene.	positive
cineplex is doing tuesday prices every day until september numbr, someone come with me to see magic mike xxl?????	positive
dollar theatre  it's sunday night, what else am i gonna do? anyone wanna see magic mike xxl with me?  ha!	positive
i was so disappointed with magic mike xxl!!! if it would have came out first, i dont think i would have watched the numbrnd one.	negative
attention, queens. i finally found a good copy of magic mike xxl so i will be watching it a numbrrd and numbrth time with whoever hasn't seen it yet	positive
twitteraddr magic mike xxl. numbrth time. if you think it's just about stripping.....you would be wrong.....topc	positive
yep, it's happening! come watch magic mike xxl this friday at numbrpm and start your labor weekend off right! httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr magic mike xxl is still playing the awesome simi valley numbr bargain house but the run ends thursday: httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr in the spirit of sharing: numbr. world of tomorrow numbr. mad max: fury road numbr. tangerine numbr. magic mike xxl numbr. buzzard numbr. ex machina	positive
i'm rewatching the cheetos and water part from magic mike xxl for the numbrrd time lol	positive
im mind blown after watching magic mike xxl for the numbrst time	positive
bout to watch magic mike xxl for the numbrth time	positive
mariah carey celebrates her star with beacher's madhouse's jeff beacher! httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive
"so i'm on the juke box at the flats and i decided to play ""all i want for christmas"" by mariah carey it's august.let's see how this one goes"	positive
for sure just missed my exit because was singing to mariah carey way too full out. happy friday, all.	neutral
mariah carey's twins hilariously stole the show at their mom's walk of fame ceremony | fox news insider httpaddr	positive
"""saturday i saw you, holding hands with someone new..."" that part does something to my soul. circles by mariah carey"	negative
this is what happens when you try to share mariah carey's spotlight httpaddr via twitteraddr	positive
twitteraddr don't let the sun go down - george michael &amp; elton john / one sweet day - mariah carey &amp; boyz ii men;	positive
i may not like her music but mariah carey is the queen of shade, i worship her.	positive
the mariah carey &amp; justin bieber collaboration why you mad is here! listen!: how exciting! on saturday, the mariah carey and justin b...	positive
topc twitteraddr is leading the pack for a mariah carey ride, tomorrow at numbr:numbr! grab a bike and end your weekend with a cardio party!	positive
my shuffle is favoring mariah carey hardcore today but whatever it's saturday i'm supposed to feel like a diva anyway	positive
[working on tinder profile in case husband ever leaves me]  strengths: numbrst on the dance floor efficient typist numbr's mariah carey lyrics	positive
game of tones numbrst question today on twitteraddr with twitteraddr  - who was mariah carey married too from sony?	neutral
twitteraddr i have a genius idea for your face the sun video. think giant mariah carey fans, color cortex and glory. let's work on this	positive
mariah carey shows fuller frame in malibu with twins sunday - daily mail httpaddr	neutral
mariah carey's daughter monroe gets her ears pierced - see the pic! httpaddr via twitteraddr	neutral
sometimes you just need to obnoxiously sing along to mariah carey on a rainy tuesday morning	positive
mariah carey does it to his numbrnd marriage life... i made a vow that i will reserve myself to the next one i'll be... httpaddr	positive
mariah carey's star on the walk of fame- it's about damn time! httpaddr	positive
tuesday night apartment dance party feat. duets w/ classic mariah carey tracks. spoiler alert: i can't hit the high notes. topc	positive
well it's august numbrth and i've just heard mariah carey's 'all i want for christmas'...seriously?	negative
twitteraddr twitteraddr i don't either. complete mystery. also, i may have just been chair dancing to heartbreaker by mariah carey.	neutral
cannot believe i've just downloaded an avenged sevenfold track to play alongside mariah carey and bow wow tomorrow lol	neutral
are you fucking stupid? you can't talk about sales when mariah carey outsold bey with her numbrrd album please stfu damn httpaddr	negative
james packer with singer mariah carey in cannes in june. picture ... httpaddr	neutral
planning my trip with my friend to see mariah carey feb. numbrth. can't wait to see my queen twitteraddr topc	positive
omw to work bumping this numbr's mariah carey. bet not nobody fukc up my day. i gotta short fuse so this feeling may... httpaddr	positive
best part of getting to the office first = choosing friday tunes. (s/o to mariah carey.)	positive
i remember listening numbr the baby one more time album numbr the numbrst couples of times &amp; thinking - she kinda sounds like mariah carey. she can sing	positive
twitteraddr ion know the riaa site has madonna then mariah carey in numbrnd	positive
anyone: hey julie what'd you do last night  me: nothing just creeped mariah carey's instagram until the sun came up	neutral
if you can't handle me blasting mariah carey fantasy on repeat with all of the windows open on a sunday arvo then don't live in rosebery nsw	negative
aka. i should be doing productive sunday things, but i'm just watching mariah carey videos on youtube	neutral
some from peeps may recognise this chord progression from a mariah carey clip posted over on the aa groups... httpaddr	neutral
"mariah carey: ""i really haven't paid attention to madonna since about like numbrth or numbrth grade, when she used to be popular."" melhor shade"	negative
a very laid-back mariah carey made it family time only as she stepped out on malibu beach on wednesday with her adorable twins, moroccan	positive
twitteraddr wondering if mariah carey want to play some concerts with us in ohio after jan.numbr,numbr an starting a tour contact john melson	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr fukkin loser it's totally abt mariah carey however studies show now she may be one-upped by u	negative
omg! mariah carey performed at israel, i can still remember you don't mess with zohan. israelis may be the happiest people last night. :d	positive
mariah carey is actually the numbrnd fittest bird of all time	positive
it is almost numbr o'clock in the morning, i have school tomorrow and my roommate is singing mariah carey at the top of his lungs in the shower.	negative
numbrth floor. ijustine conquers mariah carey with a crayon. merrill sheep loses ricky rubio next to them.	positive
"numbr:numbram, august numbrth numbr, in my bedroom w/ all the lights off, listening to ""all i want for christmas is you"" by mariah carey at full volume"	positive
have a great thursday all of you  one sweet day mariah carey &amp; boyz ii men httpaddr	positive
full mariah carey walked somewhere &amp; then sat down for a bit coverage - day numbr topc	neutral
mariah carey discography is untouchable. no one is closer. y'all know it but try to defend their faves.  janet is the numbrnd	positive
listening to this weeknd album. this guy has the numbrnd best voice in the industry (after mariah carey)	positive
currently listening to mariah carey //   we belong together don't judge me, it's sunday	positive
just listening to whitney houston, celin dione and mariah carey.... just a perfect sunday,, true talent there ladies and gents	positive
welcome to kevin oduah's blog : is mariah carey pregnant with james packer's child... httpaddr	neutral
in the crib singing mariah carey as usual and everyone's tight and idc, i got the monday blues	positive
literally all the best mariah carey songs. all of them. httpaddr httpaddr	positive
warm up those vocals, castro! twitteraddr is leading the pack in a mariah carey ride tomorrow at numbrpm! snag a bike!	positive
if you don't take the risk, you may not experience the adventure ---mariah carey	positive
misinterpreting mariah carey lyrics. apparently she wants to fly a family into the sun and something about tachyon beams. star trek fan ?	negative
twitteraddr mariah carey - fantasy the distance between it and the numbrnd most played is pretty vast.	positive
"is tamar trying to pull a ""mariah carey"" with releasing her album on september numbrth? but, i know she's trying to honor the tragic day but..."	neutral
twitteraddr is that you april? you look like mariah carey here!!	positive
pictures: mariah carey out and about in porto cervo, sardinia, italy - numbr aug numbr httpaddr topc topc topc topc	positive
in june she holidayed in europe, meeting up with ex husband james packer and his new partner mariah carey - and now jodhi meares is	positive
i'm a mariah carey fan kaya may high standards ako. elha's quite good altho it's not a whistle tone. darren wows tvkfinals	neutral
mariah carey cut a voluptuous figure when she stepped out in sardinia on thursday morning.	positive
groggy saturday morning thought... jason durillo is the boy mariah carey of today. topc topc topc	positive
i'm not sure which is funnier - the coloured-vinyl reissue of mariah carey's christmas album or the fact that it's coming out in october.	neutral
"twitteraddr and i once sat in a walgreens parking lot attempting to sing mariah carey's ""my all"" and probably scared the neighbors"	neutral
i really haven't paid attention to mariah carey since i was like in numbrth grade when she used to be popular	negative
i can't wait to buy elha's album &amp;see her shows may you continue giving justice to mariah carey songs. deserved to win! topc topc	positive
gonna make a mariah carey cover tomorrow	neutral
throwback to my like numbrth birthday when my bff at the time twitteraddr got me the mariah carey cd. lol only cause my bday is coming up!	positive
nicki is always feuding with somebody. lil kim, mariah carey, iggy azalea, taylor swift, now miley cyrus... i like her but c'mon	negative
"nah. i'm not arguing about it. listen to ""mariah carey"" right now, bruh.  httpaddr"	positive
today in history: mariah carey is the numbrth act ever to hold the top numbr spots on us chart with 'wbt' &amp; 'sio'! topc httpaddr	positive
"may napapansin talaga ako kay morisette everytime she belts. it's the ""intentional vocal crack"" like what mariah carey does. galing!"	positive
mariah carey till the sun up bitch	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr my favourite thing about christmas is slade and mariah carey; at least on numbr+numbr dec the buses are running!	positive
mariah carey may have numbr topc but bang bang outsold every single mariah's ever put out in the united states. httpaddr	positive
"can't believe mariah carey's ""all i want for christmas is you"" is playing right now.  it's september numbrrd."	neutral
twitteraddr cmat, mariah carey is the godmother of the cruise ship i'm going on in november.	positive
mariah carey enjoys pizza italy httpaddr via twitteraddr i am not fat shaming u if marie lost numbrlbs u may numbr with her diet	positive
lol!! i forgot all about that mariah carey concert! and ps: he was waving at me!!!  httpaddr	positive
"""fourth of july"" by mariah carey is just ... *melts*"	positive
because she's mariah carey lol they're used to her selling millions... i don't think they expect the same from bey  httpaddr	neutral
always be my baby came on in numbrnd period and all i can think of was the girls mariah carey mashup	positive
your topc topc with mariah carey - thank god i found you (album version) httpaddr topc topc	positive
if airbnb is good enough for mariah carey, it may be good enough for you.  $numbr travel coupon httpaddr httpaddr	positive
i may have a slight man crush on mariah carey like i'm not straight, i wouldnt kiss her but if she asked to slow dance i wouldn't say no	positive
demi lovato is the numbrrd most important voice by billboard just behind mariah carey &amp; christina aguilera.	neutral
please stop acting how if you were a mariah carey update account. httpaddr	negative
currently sat listening to mariah carey - all i want for christmas is you, god help	neutral
"""sunday night with mariah carey greatest hits album, several bottles of heineken and okcupid...."" httpaddr"	positive
"""hold on partner i got bars to and they kinda scary i'm about to show you how may  nick's this mariah carey's"""	positive
have me and eve really just sat watching mariah carey all i want for christmas live? yep, yep we have	positive
christmas times reminds me of working december at the mall at abercrombie listening to mariah carey all the time	positive
twitteraddr this is us tho can't wait to play the justin bieber holiday album and mariah carey on repeat in dec httpaddr	positive
may or may not have just found my old ipod w/ jb, mariah carey, &amp; kelly clarkson on it	positive
if you think you can sing better than mariah carey now come on down to g-numbr to audition after school tomorrow! httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr like those are you dance moves, mariah carey is playing, overly excited for a holiday that won't be here till december... it's you!	positive
"weeping may endure for a night, but joy comes in the morning topc ""fly like a bird"" de mariah carey httpaddr"	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr wow,my dad would have agreed w/u,his numbrst cd,mariah carey,when listening to a new stereo he made the purchase	positive
i may or may not want a mariah carey cake on my birthday. it'll be a surprise if i get one.	positive
"javier saviola: ""i'd be delighted if messi won his numbrth ballon d'or because of the quality of his football and because of our friendship."""	positive
they may be different types of players, but don't say messi and ronaldo are the best. not yet anyway. they might be remembered that way	neutral
messi has always scored in the numbrst or numbrnd leg of the cl round of numbr since the numbr/numbr season: numbr - numbr - numbr - numbr - numbr - numbr - numbr (ongoing)	positive
bale is a great player, messi may have to drag with him this season, and i think bale feels strong.	positive
what a great cover for the numbr winner....i feel twitteraddr need to do something very special for messi's numbrth. httpaddr	positive
messi and ronaldo both go up a rating in fut numbr with messi a numbr and ronaldo numbr suarez is a numbr as numbrrd best player in the game.	positive
hahah lol so halilovic was shaking when he saw messi for the numbrst time. i'ld probably faint if i ever meet him.	positive
"numbr-numbr lavezzi on fire w his numbrnd goal. too bad he couldn't do it in world cup or copa america. crowd still chanting ""messi"" topc topc"	positive
messi and barcelona are preparing for the away game against granada in la liga tomorrow, kick-off numbr:numbr cet	positive
numbr' goal!!! topc  messi with a header makes it the numbrth of the game  topc numbr-numbr topc	positive
whoaaaa...! topc show is on.. messi with the numbrnd goal... messi scored a brace. the greatest ever has destroyed them. topc	positive
twitteraddr tbh this game is bunk...i just wanna watch monday's game with messi	neutral
twitteraddr lol the finishing was quite similar to messi's numbrnd goal against bayern.	positive
twitteraddr messi scored with his numbrth touch like omg! like it's not fair.	positive
messi has now failed to score against atletico for the numbrth consecutive game	negative
messi takes the number numbr spot numbr rated while ronaldo comes numbrnd rated numbr in fifa numbr interesting topc topc	positive
james rodriguez is fast closing in on the numbrnd grade of best footballers (those immediately after messi and ronaldo)...	positive
messi has scored against every south american team, he is just the numbrth player to achieve that. httpaddr	positive
and eclipse the amount of wages messi gets a week? haha..so now who is the best, neymar or messi? topc topc httpaddr	positive
bullshit! that would then mean you'd piss off messi. then have to pay him more too.  httpaddr	negative
tomorrow getafe-barcelona (copa del rey). looks like messi will start on the bench for the numbrrd consecutive time	neutral
messi has scored numbr+ goals outside camp nou for the numbrth consecutive season: numbr - numbr - numbr - numbr - numbr - numbr (ongoing)	positive
barcastuff: messi is the numbrst arg player in history to score against all other numbr conmebol countries topc [via mrchip]	positive
numbr - it has been numbr matches since messi last produced a hat-trick for barcelona. his next will be his numbrth for the club. omen?	positive
the numbrrd goal scorer of mauritania just became messi right there passing five defenders....aowa bafana bafana	positive
twitteraddr yap. that's why i dont understand why they're making fun with messi's height. do they expecting him to be a jan koller? lol	positive
iniesta is the numbrrd best after messi and ronaldo, no one comes close, not neymar not hazard topc	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr is that messi's twitter name or has the mexican sun fried your mind?	neutral
imagine having a numbrth of messi's ability. you'd be the best in your team	positive
i told my dad i'm going to see messi on tuesday , and he called me a bastard cuz he can't go	positive
"sunday supplement. is bale in the same class as messi and ronaldo?! ""he's knocking on the door"" don't make me laugh. over hyped as always"	neutral
messi was just numbr years &amp; numbr days old when he secured a podium finish (numbrrd place) at the numbr ballon d'or ceremony httpaddr	positive
nice to be in the twitteraddr youtube round up. mine is the last link - messi is the headline. surely a mix-up?! httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr thank you kluivert. these days a lot of people make ronaldo look like a sunday league player when compared to messi....	positive
topc rivalry with ronaldo key to messi's success: kluivert: barcelona, sep numbr (ians) lionel messi is... httpaddr topc	neutral
messi (back in january): 'my dream is to finish my career at barcelona for as long as people want me'	positive
"de biasi (coach alb): ""ronaldo better keeps quiet tomorrow or messi will get my vote for the ballon d'or this time."""	neutral
mascherano and messi, who didn't start for arg against bol on friday, are expected to start the friendly against mex on tuesday. [via sport]	neutral
initial pass to messi zipped in. only he could tame the ball &amp; pass to xavi numbrst time. minimal backlift from another planet. twitteraddr	positive
luiz adriano (shakhtar) scores his numbrth goal of the evening and equals messi's record of most goals by a single player in a ucl match	neutral
i'm sad i can't watch messi and the argentina squad on tuesday :(	negative
numbr. the at&amp;t stadium will have a great atmosphere on tuesday, where we will face the likes of messi and co. httpaddr	positive
i may not have gotten a picture of messi, but i still saw him with my own eyes! fuck what everyone else says lol	positive
messi and mascherano could start the argentina game against mexico on tuesday in dallas, texas [sport]	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr this is the truth my friend while messi might win the numbrth ballon d or people would say ronaldo didn't win it	neutral
twitteraddr messi has the numbrth best dribble succes rate (numbr%) in europe's top numbr leagues this term of players to attempt numbr+ dribbles	positive
messi and ronaldo please, but it seems we will be stuck with the duds that let us all down on friday.  httpaddr	negative
"""twitteraddr alciato: bee will invest numbr million in january, another numbr in the summer and plans to bring messi by numbr"""	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr he recently said may never be like messi or crnumbr	negative
'isaac newton was only numbr when he discovered gravity'  man, messi was numbr when he won his numbrst balon d'or..	positive
*talking to gunny about who's playing tomorrow*  me: messi and then some mexicans that you don't know  gunny: that's okay. i like mexicans	neutral
sum chelsea fans in their dreams believe hazard is the numbrrd best player in the world afta messi and ronaldo. not sure they've heard of muller	neutral
messi, i'll see you tomorrow don't worry	positive
magical march - with numbr goals in numbr official matches the month march is now messi's best month in his barcelona career	positive
im just excited to see messi tomorrow	positive
neymar was always gonna be something special. i honestly hate his role at barca, he might be good, but he has to play numbrnd fiddle to messi	neutral
he can't dribble cos in spain (like many eu countries), dribbling is seen as disrespectful, he has to play numbrnd to messi...	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr may all the power of barca and messi be with you this season!	positive
regionals: pedro to miss messi: the latest stories from tuesday's regional newspapers as pedro says he is going to miss former team-m...	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr messi is on another level to cr and james is not the numbrth best player in the world...	neutral
have uni tomorrow morning but need to say bae messi tonight. its my drug.	positive
going to see messi the magician play in november! topc httpaddr	positive
and people still doubt twitteraddr  absolutely comical. he may not be ronaldo and messi but he's our best player by a mile	positive
numbrnd time having ronaldo and messi .... plus a cheeky hazard on the bench !! twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr httpaddr	neutral
messi will now attempt to break telmo zarra's record on numbr november when barcelona face sevilla at the camp nou	positive
twitteraddr at the end of the day,  we're talking about great players so any argument against may sound like nitpicking. messi is goat tho.	positive
the nats may have sucked again but now messi is on tv and colbert is back in an hour so it could be so much worse.	neutral
messi may be the best player in the world but chicharito is the best player in the universe topc twitteraddr httpaddr	positive
he was level ffs! also, he may be a problem child but no argentine forward links with messi better than tevez.	positive
the crowds gonna go crazy when messi comes in for the numbrnd half	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr should do everything in his power to keep messi from walking onto jerry's cabbage patch field in the numbrnd half.	neutral
messi slips on sod laid over turf. grass pitches all over us, this is stupid &amp; dangerous. glad kun has sat the first half. topc	neutral
if messi gets injured tonight, dallas won't exist tomorrow. httpaddr	negative
messi needs to show up more in the numbrnd half. topc	neutral
okay, i can see how you may not like lebron or tom brady but not messi..this guy has nations on his back.	positive
numbr:numbram and we've got us open drama, colbert's debut, and messi just scored a sick goal for argentina.  all live/numbrst run now.	positive
and that is why messi is the best in the world. good game though. now to wait till october numbr.	positive
and argentina say messi does nothing for the national team??! that goal was just magical messi time as usual, c'mon! xd	positive
somebody get a mustache, a fake birth certificate and get messi signed up for the us on october numbrth, please.	neutral
ok guys for the numbrrd time messi was out of place that wasnt suppose to be a goal	negative
so according to my numbrth grade english teacher messi has now tied the game up? can anyone confirm this?	neutral
twitteraddr because they did not reply the play as much. numbrnd time messi scores a goal on mexico like that	neutral
very proud of that numbrnd goal from mexico! even tho they didn't win (nothing new) props to messi for the last min goal httpaddr	positive
apoel can become the numbrth different opponent in ucl against which messi has scored at least numbr goal. he has faced numbr teams in total	neutral
messi and barcelona are preparing for the league game against osasuna at the camp nou this sunday (kick-off numbr:numbr cet)	neutral
luis enrique looks set for a defeat if he calls messi and mascherano for training straight on friday just one day before the game	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr and for the cl he scored tap-ins after messi and suarez had already finished the ties in the numbrst legs + the final	neutral
in numbr days barcelona will play the numbrst ucl group stage game of the season, at home vs apoel. it will be messi's numbrst opponent in europe	neutral
proud!! masche &amp; messi scored, neymar &amp; rafi scored (tue.), alba and iniesta (sat.) &amp; were the only goalscorers in these games. topc	positive
messi has registered back-to-back hat-tricks (numbr+ goals) for barcelona for the numbrrd time in his career	positive
sometimes i just feel sorry for messi and crnumbr that such immense talents may not add the world cup to their laurels....fuck!!!	negative
twitteraddr may i have permission to use this photo of messi holding the case i designed? httpaddr ta! httpaddr	neutral
lve | messi playing his numbrth game against getafe. so far, he has been directly involved in numbr goals (numbr scored, numbr assisted)	neutral
twitteraddr i agree with messi being numbrrd but my top numbr would be:  numbr.hazard numbr.suarez numbr.messi	positive
but messi made the former premier league champions look like a group of numbr lads at goals  httpaddr	positive
international break recap: neymar, messi, rafinha score on tuesday: tuesday night was a good one for the barcelona internationals tha...	neutral
messi and barcelona will resume la liga action with a traditionally tricky trip to real sociedad (sunday, kick-off numbr:numbr cet)	neutral
top numbr players in the world? has to be: suarez/ronaldo/messi.  only reason messi is numbrrd is because he's not proven in epl. la liga is poor	neutral
you may dislike either messi or ronaldo, but you can't dislike zlatan.	neutral
may as well scribble out the numbr on the fifa numbr disc and replace it with a numbr. basically identical bar bale's hair &amp; messi's tattoo. shambles.	neutral
today is metlife. jesus is coming back its the numbrnd easter. all wars have ended &amp; ceased fire in the stadium. we all gained superpowers.	positive
sigh otra metlife is tomorrow and i'm not going ://	neutral
wish i was going to metlife tomorrow	positive
thank you to all the fans who stood there for hours in the rain waiting for us, you were a fantastic audience , cya tomorrow at metlife	positive
how can i go to sleep when i was just twerking in my bathroom because of metlife tomorrow	positive
twitteraddr goodnight babe hope you are resting up and feeling well and i hope you have loads of fun at metlife tomorrow	positive
twitteraddr hope you have a nice day tomorrow at metlife :)	positive
twitteraddr my topc came true when i saw you &amp; twitteraddr make magic at metlife on july numbrth!	positive
if your going to metlife tomorrow.. have fun	positive
twitteraddr because it's august numbrth and someone threatened to kill harry today at metlife	negative
twitteraddr some acc on twitter which is now suspended claimed tht he'll be killing harry on aug numbr at metlife	negative
i wish i was going to metlife tonight but i'm not upset about it cause i'm going to baltimore on saturday....	positive
twitteraddr ok so someone on twitter said she was going to kill harry at my concert on august numbrth at metlife. her account got suspended	negative
"today is the day ""harry styles will die at metlife on august numbrth"" and i know it was someone who made it up but i'm scared okay"	negative
to all my ladies going to metlife tonight  - may you be lucky enough to have something insane happen at your show! have so much fun! xoxo	positive
twitteraddr numbrth kc show, numbr different states! would love to get my no shoes nation flag signed for my numbrth birthday! see you at metlife!	positive
okay going to bed now, hope i can sleep this time ! goodnight xx i'll see what happened at metlife tomorrow!! have fun y'all!! x	positive
i wish you was at metlife:( httpaddr	neutral
me: *pretends metlife isn't happening tonight or tomorrow night because i'm not there*	neutral
okay given the fact that there was a shooting at pnc on monday night i'm a lil scared for metlife everyone be safe	neutral
twitteraddr thanks for taking the time to sign my hat on sunday. wish you nothing but the best man! p.s. see you at metlife this weekend!	positive
i want to stay up to see what happens at metlife tonight but i have to wake up so early for class tomorrow ugh	positive
ok y'all it's actually kind of good i didn't go to metlife bc i just got a call for my internship and i report tomorrow	positive
twitteraddr he had death threats in july (i think) but it was for tonight at metlife.	neutral
it's august numbr in metlife stadium, stay safe harry, thinking about you the whole night topc	positive
new || harry and liam on stage at metlife tonight! (august numbr) topc httpaddr	positive
i'm posting everything tomorrow it was a long day at metlife turns out i have a bruise	neutral
twitteraddr i posted some videos just now of some of the highlights of metlife! i will post more tomorrow when i go through everything!	positive
goodnight i'll tweet more pictures tomorrow from metlife oh by the way i love this boy so much httpaddr	positive
i'll upload the rest of my videos from metlife tomorrow i'm dead.	neutral
panoramas of the crowd/stadium last night at metlife, august numbrth (via insider twitteraddr httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr twitteraddr yeah i saw that. it looked looked like he was crying at metlife and tuesday on gma as well...	neutral
twitteraddr can't wait to see you out there sat night at metlife big year from you	positive
i couldn't go to metlife so i'm going to a concert on the beach tomorrow lol topc one direction	neutral
if i wake up tomorrow and the boys still didnt tweet about metlife i will personally fly to the set of that video and make it happen myself	neutral
twitteraddr  a few of the pictures i personally took at metlife on wednesday. tried getting you good pics of him httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr did i just hear bowles say that the scrimmage at metlife tomorrow is no longer a scrimmage?	neutral
i may haven't been close to louis at metlife but he didn't seem unhappy at all	neutral
looking forward to being at metlife tomorrow for the topc green and white practice/scrimmage	positive
todd bowles and players talk about what they're expecting from saturday night's green &amp; white practice at metlife: httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr you are such an amazing person. thank you for making me smile.  see you tomorrow at metlife!  please follow? xx numbr,numbr	positive
remember live look-in tomorrow from metlife on twitteraddr &amp; jetsapp at numbr pm with player intros, individuals and your calls: numbr-numbr-numbr.	positive
when i was literally about to jump off the edge at metlife (ignore the numbrnd part lol) httpaddr	positive
slightly obsessed with twitteraddr can't wait to see him next sat at metlife! topc topc topc topc	positive
twitteraddr at metlife, they started later. around numbr:numbr i think. it was after the sun set	positive
twitteraddr will be at metlife  on sept numbr with a towson tigers flag !	positive
did jessie almost faint at metlife too the world may never know	neutral
honestly august numbrth is the day reserved for me to be at metlife with my four boys and my best friends because that's when i'm the happiest	positive
harry talking to the numbr year old boy/auctioning him off at metlife - august numbrth httpaddr	neutral
twitteraddr yea i went to the one at metlife on august numbrth topc	neutral
twitteraddr still upset you didn't tweet about metlife on wednesday :(	negative
twitteraddr well i've got a numbrth birthday trip so i was planning on using that for metlife i can just go to the south but thank you for	positive
twitteraddr we loved the show at metlife last wednesday - great work! hope you guys are having a nice time. enjoy your night.	positive
twitteraddr any chance you're gonna be at metlife when the niners come to jersey n play the giants in october?	positive
anyone want to come to kenny chesney and jason aldean at metlife on saturday i have an extra ticket and by extra i mean a plus one wink wink	positive
when you work all day and get an email saying you have won meet and greet tickets to twitteraddr for sat aug numbr at metlife topc	positive
twitteraddr i just went to metlife! i may go to a philly show too wbu?	positive
thursday i'm gonna upload footage from metlife here httpaddr it would be cool if you subscribed too okay that is all	positive
twitteraddr twitteraddr twitteraddr  see you sat at metlife, would luv to meet ya it'd be a dream come true topc	positive
the point: i have never been happier in my life than i was on aug numbr numbr at metlife	positive
who's going to kenny chesney at metlife on saturday?	positive
twitteraddr i'm traveling from penn station to metlife on saturday. i've never taken the nj transit before. can you help me?	positive
i have an extra ticket for kenny chesney and jason aldean saturday at metlife if you want to go let me know!	positive
twitteraddr are you going to be at metlife tomorrow? ?	positive
twitteraddr haha maybe that's what all the commotion was about at metlife on august numbrth	neutral
liam said at metlife that they were going on a one year break after their numbrth album comes out.:/	neutral
to anyone going to the big revival tour tomorrow at metlife: have fun!! can't wait to go in a few weeks!	positive
twitteraddr i was at numbr ts concerts, the numbrnd in philly &amp; both at metlife. was in numbr's in philly. had best spot for the first metlife show,	positive
twitteraddr  went to metlife just to see twitteraddr and it was totally worth it. seeing him again in dutchess on the numbrth.	positive
it'll be a special night saturday in metlife if victor cruz indeed does takes the field..	positive
we'll run it back. but it's sth day here in florham park. on fri, we'll be live from metlife at numbr:numbr pm. httpaddr	positive
tickets for sale:  for the jets vs falcons preseason game this friday at metlife. message me if you're interested	positive
twitteraddr hey harry! you were amazing august numbrth at metlife! love you!	positive
it's the atlanta falcons (numbr-numbr) against the new york jets (numbr-numbr) at numbr:numbr p.m. on friday in metlife stadi... httpaddr topc	neutral
who's ready for some topc the g-men finally return to metlife this sat @ numbr:numbr vs the jaguars. get your tix while they last!	positive
i'll be live streaming the sad giants fans via twitteraddr this saturday night at metlife after twitteraddr beats the giants again. topc	positive
i can't wait to see the giants this saturday at metlife	positive
i have numbr seats to the giants game at metlife tomorrow if anyone wants them.	neutral
i have one possibly two extra tickets to see zac brown band tomorrow at metlife stadium. dope seats. who wants to come with me?	positive
im going to metlife tomorrow for a preseason giants game rip me	neutral
twitteraddr alright, let me know. want to see ac/dc wednesday at metlife? can meet you at secaucus station and drive over.	neutral
going to the giants-panthers game december numbr at metlife. the cam newton jersey returns!	positive
twitteraddr up in your neck of the woods next week. fancy going to acdc in metlife on wednesday? we have a spare tik if you're interested?	positive
*prays one direction come to metlife on my birthday september numbrth for the next tour*	positive
looks like i am going to see my phins at gillette on oct numbrth and metlife on november numbrth with topc	positive
oney thursday and friday, metlife for giants-jets saturday. shaping up to be one hell of a numbrst birthday weekend with twitteraddr	positive
really??? why couldn't you have them open pitt, metlife, or boston???? we're fighting httpaddr	negative
still bitter that they didn't tweet about metlife&amp;now augustana is opening the show tomorrow night. just keep giving me reasons to be bitter	negative
i remember buying my tickets to rowyso last year the day of my wwa concert at metlife and now tomorrow is the concert	positive
twitteraddr hershey for tmh, on americas got talent, and at metlife last year. i'm seeing them again on tuesday :) you?	positive
twitteraddr my mom already bought tickets and they are in the same section we sat at metlife and they were $numbr for both but i want floor seats	neutral
schreier financial services in orange city will offer services through metlife. see the august numbr edition.	positive
heading up to metlife tomorrow for the jets game	positive
going to metlife tomorrow but not to see the boys is a weird feeling	positive
it's the first football friday of the year. that means two things: no more previews and the march to metlife is on! httpaddr	positive
twitteraddr ok good to know. punting at metlife in december is a task just hope hes up for it.	positive
everyone who sat around me at metlife was so annoying but i didnt let it ruin such an amazing night	neutral
what giants or niners fans would wanna go to the sunday night game at metlife?	neutral
anybody want a ticket for tomorrow colombia vs peru at metlife?	positive
mendez told me he'd drive me to metlife on sunday... my reaction: httpaddr	neutral
